input: Always stressing and thinking about loads of things at once need I take it one at a time overload stressed need to rant
pred: I am stressed and thinking about loads of things at once, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Loads of things on my mind, I need to make a list, prioritise and work through it all calmly and I will feel much better.

input: The list of things I have to do today is forever long. Can I just go back to bed and wake up tomorrow with everything done?
pred: I have a lot of things to do today, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it.
gt: Today I have a lot to do. Time for productivity not procrastination.

input: If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle..
pred: I hope I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle.
gt: I'm going to look after my mental health over the summer, so I don't have a mental breakdown.

input: I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe.
pred: I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe. But I'm sure it won't.
gt: Trying to keep breathing. Extra deep

input: Worst night ever. Just one bad thing after another! This holiday is coming at the right time I think
pred: I am looking forward to the holiday!
gt: I had a tough night but it's over and the holiday is just around the corner!

input: Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family
pred: Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family. But I'm thankful for the opportunity to spend time with them.
gt: I would love to get done with Christmas shopping so that I can get into holiday mode soon.

input: Why is it so hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet???
pred: I am going to try to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet.
gt: I could really do with some peace and quiet for a day

input: All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. And work this week, and coaching to
pred: I have a lot of school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. But I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I'll find time for my schoolwork in between my coaching responsibilities, because that's important to me.

input: Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad(LOL)
pred: I am trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, but it is a challenge for me.
gt: Can't wait to not be responsible for Emily's clothes. As a dad I just want my daughter to get able to do things for herself soon.

input: fancy making a time machine? Not enough time in the day for all this revision..any last minute tips?:L tired
pred: I am tired of revision, but I am sure I can finish it.
gt: Not enough time in the day for all this revision. I have to spend more time on studying.

input: Ugh I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today.
pred: I have to wake up early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I get to have a nice early morning, have a productive day at school and get the rest done before bed.

input: Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's!!! needadayoff
pred: I'm going to spend the day with tea and pj's!
gt: Sore throats are somewhat irritating but I am happy that I can spend myday with pj’s and tea.

input: got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where parents eat like CRAP
pred: I'm going to take some time off from work and spend with my family.
gt: Having a really rough time at the moment but still managed to get myself a B in accounting.

input: I CANNOT be getting sick right now! I have wayyy too much to get done in this last month of the semester. :(
pred: I am sick, but I am sure I will get through this semester and then I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: Hopefully, this cold I'm getting won't interfere with getting my schoolwork done for the rest of the semester.

input: I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so damn difficult!!
pred: I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so difficult, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: I'm glad I have so many options of furniture to choose, because I'm sure I'll find something I like.

input: Been a hell of a week. Tired is not the word. Anxieties on top of anxieties. Overworked. Over tired. Emergency vet trips. Dog mum stress. No words down yday. Today, rest. Tomorrow we start again. WritingCommnunity WritingCommunity
pred: I am tired, but I am thankful that I have a dog to help me through this week.
gt: Tomorrow will be a new day. I'll focus on my commitments without stressing and ejoy my time with my dog

input: For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what their talking about
pred: I am thankful for the students of Wales who are able to learn from their advisors.
gt: The phone advisors at Wales need to make sure they know what they are talking about to ensure they can properly help the students that call in.

input: I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. lazy
pred: I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. At least I'll be able to catch up on everything.

input: The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.
pred: The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence. But I'm sure it will make me feel better.
gt: Silence calms me down when I’m all worked up.

input: I think having a test in history and chem on the same day is the worst combination
pred: I have a test in history and chem on the same day, but I'm sure I can pass it.
gt: Having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is indeed tough, but hardwork leads to success.

input: You know I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. stupid
pred: I don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages.
gt: I should concentrate on my own works.

input: Things are starting to change and that's not okay with me. Hate change. I wanna give up sometimes. Ugh
pred: Things are starting to change and that's not okay with me. I'm going to learn how to deal with it.
gt: Things are starting to change, and I don't really like changes. But, that's necessary and life can't be always easy.

input: The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have
pred: I am going to try to find a new profile picture for my new life.
gt: Finding a new profile picture to replace the unwanted one is a bit tough but you can always find a better one.

input: I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in such need of a girls night!
pred: I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in such need of a girls night!
gt: Even though I miss my friends now, I know many things that could make me happy now.

input: I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys , and Serena and Dan!!!!!!!!!! But NOOO
pred: I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys, and Serena and Dan. But NOOO
gt: If Eric likes boys better, then that will leave more girls for me :D

input: Driving to visit gran in hospital and son is sick all over him and car.So Ive had 2 go buy clothes and scrub car while dad visits gran
pred: I'm going to visit gran in hospital and my son is sick, but I'm sure he'll be fine in no time.
gt: My son and my gran are sick but hopefully they will feel better soon.

input: Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts.
pred: I'm going to go to the dentist to get my tooth fixed and get some good news about the game.
gt: Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.

input: Great Now How Am I Gunna Explain This To Her Shes So Close To Me I Cant Loose Her :'(
pred: I am going to talk to my girlfriend about my problems and how I feel about it.
gt: I'm pretty sure that if I'm sincere and open to her, she will understand.

input: Things I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. tired
pred: I am tired today, but I am sure I will be able to get through it.
gt: I'm tired today but I'm thankful I have a job that I can go to and earn some money!

input: Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring cantcope
pred: I had a good night's sleep over the past three days, and now I can't sleep, but I'm thankful for it.
gt: Some people just can't run on 5 hours of sleep over three days.

input: thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. annoyed
pred: I would love to go on a island alone forever.
gt: My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.

input: I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! :'(
pred: I am going to pick up my grades, so that I can get into a better frame of mind going forward.
gt: I want to pick up my grades to improve and go to my dream college!

input: If I make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle
pred: I am going to make it through the next two weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle.
gt: I'm positive I can make it through the next few weeks while keeping my cool.

input: Finding another gray hair because I'm so stressed out. People seriously have no idea what Im dealing with right now.
pred: Finding gray hair is part of the process of dealing with stress.
gt: Finding gray hairs on me from all the stress, however it has been great for people to have reached out to help me deal with it.

input: Been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.
pred: I have been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.
gt: Yes, they certainly were held accountable.  Bad people usually get what is coming to them so I wouldn't worry too much about it.

input: Im going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale and Im
pred: I'm going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of Riverdale and I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm going to play pens game and the new season of riverdale in toggle.

input: Damn , so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. damn stressed couldntsleep goodnight tho
pred: I am stressed, but I am sure I will be able to get some good sleep tonight.
gt: One day I will find the one women I dream of!

input: Ugh, tired of not having a job but nobody wants to higher someone that's leaving for college in 2 months!
pred: I'm tired of not having a job but nobody wants to higher someone that's leaving for college in 2 months!
gt: It's hard for me to find a temporary job right now, but that's OK, because I start college it 2 months!

input: In bed looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so I can kill it and go to sleep. Come on brain you seriously need to chill. brainhealth Autopilot artlife Sleepless
pred: I am looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so that I can kill it and go to sleep.
gt: I'm having trouble sleeping.  I just need to relax and I'm sure I'll fall asleep soon.

input: Can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do.. has made a broken girl outta me! :(
pred: I can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it.
gt: I need to organize myself and finish my works to be able to sleep well

input: It's bed. Long. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that. I'm sick fml sick
pred: I'm sick, but I'm sure I'll get better soon.
gt: I need sleep to rest and recover

input: Desperately in need of a massage Someone want to book me a nice spa appointment?
pred: I would love to get a nice spa appointment.
gt: I feel like I need a massage and a spa appointment would make me a better person.

input: I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah
pred: I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: My homework might slow down a bit.

input: How am I meant to get an A and two B's in my A Levels!!! Queens you's are too strict! :( out
pred: I am going to study for my A Levels, I am sure I can get an A and two B's in my exams.
gt: I need to get an A and two B's in my A- levels, it's really high but I know I can do it.

input: Blaming my awful breakout on the fact we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out
pred: I'm going to start planning for the trip to the Bahamas in just over 1 month and start moving out.
gt: I have to complete all my works before I leave.

input: Honestly don't know how I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects! homework FAIL Tired FML
pred: I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects!
gt: I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.

input: One of those days where nothing has gone right and wishing I could have 1 day to just do nothing.
pred: I am going to take a day off and just do nothing.
gt: Today was not such a pleasant day, but I know some things I could do now to improve the end of the day.

input: Trying to remind myself that bombing this audition is a good thing. Stupid Jazz stupid scholarships.
pred: I am going to try my best to pass the Jazz audition.
gt: I tried my best at the audition. We can't all win I suppose.

input: Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things
pred: I am ready to go back to school, and I am excited about the opportunity.
gt: Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things, but time will fix it.

input: In your stressful situation there is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make!
pred: I am thankful for the peace that God gives me in stressful situations.
gt: I can think of several positive aspects that believing in God gives strenght in life

input: 1 test down, 1 test to go. usually i dont hate fridays but this one sucks.
pred: I don’t like friday, but it’s Friday, and I’ve got a test to do.
gt: Just this Friday to finish the last test.

input: talacre beach really need to sort there checking in routeen caravans are never ready 30mins later and still sat in the car waiting .. peak season to low season its always the same 3 kids stuck in a car not good
pred: I am going to go to Talacre beach to check in routeen caravans, but they are never ready, so I will just have to wait.
gt: Talacre beach's check in process could do with some improvement to reduce the wait time for customers.

input: Morning Twitter-Birds! I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hate my admission to grad school rides on a standardized test after 15 years on the job. BeReal NeverGiveUp Tired
pred: I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Soon the GRE’s will be over, and I’ll be able to further my career.

input: Honestly trying so hard right now to have a freak out.. ugh life stress money..
pred: I am trying so hard right now to have a freak out, but I know I can do it.
gt: Life is not easy for everyone one, and everyone has money problems and stress.

input: My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm gonna lost my mind if I don't find this man his grapes, cause he's losing his mind and he's gonna keep asking.
pred: My dad has been asking for grapes forever. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm going to find this man his grapes, cause he's losing his mind.
gt: Stores need to offer more normal grapes not seedless ones so my dad would stop ragging on me about getting some.

input: Can't Ever Find A Decent Team While Playing LeagueOfLegends . They All Act Retarded .
pred: I can't ever find a Decent Team while playing League of Legends. They all act Retarded. But I'm sure I'll find a way to get through it.
gt: It's really hard to find a team that I like in League of Legends. Maybe I'll have better luck with one of my other games.

input: So exhausted. :( Only so much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week but it never ends! :( frustrated
pred: I am so tired, but I know I can do all the things I need to do in all areas of my life.
gt: I have a lot to do, but I’m really proud of myself for keeping it all together.

input: Could someone just give me like $1000? It would change my life, stressing about rent, bills and food money is just the worst. ineedhelp helpme moneyisstupid
pred: I am stressed about rent, bills and food money, but I am thankful for the fact that I have a job.
gt: Time to focus on making a budget, so I don't have to stress about rent, bills, and food money.

input: maybe just maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper confused Omg
pred: I am confused about switching sides on my senior paper, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: I will talk to my teacher and will figure this out soon.

input: wish i didnt have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about
pred: I am going to study for the exam tomorrow morning.
gt: I have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about but I just got to study hard today and I will do fine

input: I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do.
pred: I am confused about what I want to do with my life right now, but I am sure I will figure it out eventually.
gt: I am a bit confused about my life now, and I hope to get a solution soon.

input: Not even funny how bad business is going to go tomorrow , why didnt i start studying earlier ?
pred: I am going to start studying earlier, so that I am prepared for the bad business tomorrow.
gt: Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!

input: To all my friends that think I'm blessed, they don't know my head's a mess"
pred: I am thankful for all my friends that think I'm blessed, they don't know my head is a mess.
gt: I hope my mind clears a bit and I get into a positive frame of mind.

input: I'm so p'd off .. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic!!!!! Ahhhhhhhh
pred: I'm going to miss my spin class because of traffic, but I'm sure I can make it.
gt: I will miss a class because of trafic but I am sure the teacher will understand

input: Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately
pred: Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has become a terrible habit of mine lately, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: It‚Äôs good that I take naps and times out when I am really busy

input: I need to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here
pred: I would love to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here.
gt: As I wish to get out of here, it would be better if I go for a nice run.

input: Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Destress
pred: Stress is part of life, and it is normal for people to feel stressed.
gt: Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.

input: I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away. It's simple you either you wanna be with me or you don't!!
pred: I am feeling empty, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away or someone will help me.

input: Think I'm getting a canker sore I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood.
pred: I am feeling a bit sore, but I am sure it will pass and I will feel better soon.
gt: Today I was talking about how long it's been since I had a cold sore and guess what, I have a cold sore. It was even funny!

input: Gah!! I always go to bed sooo late on nights I need to be up sooo earlytomorrows gonna be such a long day
pred: I always go to bed late on nights, but I'm going to be up early tomorrow.
gt: I think I'll go to sleep earlier to get a good night sleep for tomorrow.

input: want to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me
pred: I want to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me.
gt: I need to think more positively, so that I don't feel like running onto a plane and escaping my problems.

input: Job applications handed in. One stressful thing out the way!! Now my next tackle ahead. Forever fighting fires. :(
pred: I am so happy that I am done with my job applications for now. Now my next challenge is fighting fires.
gt: Job applications handed in. Now my next tackle ahead. I have to be confident

input: So annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that that's all I can think about.
pred: I am annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview, but I am sure I will do better next time.
gt: I didn't do very well on my interview but I'll be more prepared next time!

input: Escape! Im planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.
pred: Escape! I'm planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: It would be exciting to escape aboard a cargo ship to some new place.

input: Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now
pred: Today has been the worst day ever. I would love to have my dad to talk to right now.
gt: My day was bad but talking with my papa would make me feel a lot better.

input: I hate being in a bad situation and not being able to do anything about it!
pred: I am in a bad situation, but I know I can change it.
gt: Bad situations don’t always call for me to do something, it shows me that sometimes I just need to stay calm.

input: 6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFANTASTIC!!!! annoyed cba
pred: I'm going on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to Gatwick. But I'm sure it will be better next time.
gt: I will find another mode of transportation.

input: Seriously been extremely too stressed out here lately! When will I ever get a break from it all? ugh
pred: I have been stressed out lately, but I am sure I will get a break from it all.
gt: I have had a lot to contend with recently and have been very brave.

input: With all this stress on me, Im about to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.
pred: I am going to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.
gt: I have stress but since I have two jobs they will help me get my mind away from it.

input: Instead of writing my paper, I've now spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca
pred: I have spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Once I figure out how to get to Ithaca, I will start writing my paper.

input: sharing the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman  eeeek!!! wasp
pred: I am going to take a break from the bus and get some peace of mind.
gt: Sharing the bus with a wasp, hopefully it will leave me alone if I leave it alone.

input: The fact that my mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school says so much. I've needed it these past few days
pred: I am thankful for the fact that my mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school. I've needed it these past few days.
gt: I'm really lucky to have such a caring mum who is willing to call me every night when I'm having a hard time.

input: One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital
pred: I am scared about organising events, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: My boss has a lot of responsibility to deal with, and I will be of utility for him as long as I work here!

input: Think I'm going to end up seriously ill if I carry on how I am at the moment :-( exhausted
pred: I'm going to take a break from my bad habits, and then I'll be able to get back to work.
gt: I am so exhausted, and I hope not to end up getting ill.

input: There's always that one that your gonna randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life
pred: I'm going to take a break from thinking about the bad things in my life and just relax.
gt: Sometimes you think about things that get you down, but the same thing happens for things that make us feel good, that's how life works

input: Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might have been the worst decision I ever made
pred: Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might have been the worst decision I ever made, but I'm thankful for the opportunity to learn new things.
gt: I have really challenged myself doing psychology and law I'll do great.

input: This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile!
pred: This week has been the worst week I have had with school in awhile, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to learn a lot.
gt: This week was not the best, but it can get better

input: Finding out I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university killme
pred: I have two essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.

input: Urgh. Fed up! So much to do and definitely not enough time/energy to do everything :(
pred: I have a lot to do, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have a lot to do. So, I'll plan my time, and get some energy to do everything.

input: Idk what to believe and the fact that one of my bestfriends are lying to me makes this even harder.
pred: I am going to learn to deal with the fact that one of my best friends are lying to me.
gt: Finding out that your friend is lying to you is a way of life showing you that you are trusting the wrong people! This is liberating!

input: I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.
pred: I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.
gt: I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. Better later than never.

input: Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day
pred: I am thankful for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day.
gt: The professor scheduled me a test, lab test and lab report for the same. It's time to stop procrastinating, study and prepare.

input: When you try to be responsible and its all thrown back in your face. frustrated
pred: I am going to be responsible and not let things get in the way of me.
gt: Trying to be responsible and having a lot of problems. The good thing about it is that at least I'm trying and besides, it's normal to have problems, we're learning to deal with it.

input: So many impromptu things I gotta do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down
pred: I have a lot of things to do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have many things to do but I am capable in doing things fast so I will be done with everything.

input: By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays..that's crazy highschool applications
pred: I will have written 7 essays by the end of this week. That's crazy highschool applications, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays, really proud of myself and what I have achieved.

input: I must go where Im not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me. racism thursdaymorning
pred: I am going to go where I am not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me.
gt: I need to go by myself and clear my mind of all the troubling issues before me.

input: Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed
pred: I'm going to enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends.
gt: I am thankful that I have outdoors environments to enjoy, hobbies and friends which help me in hard times.

input: I swear to god i just broke down and cried. I was so scared  i thot all my hard work was for nothing.
pred: I am so happy that I am able to have a good cry after all the hard work I have done.
gt: I took a necessary time to cry and drain all my fears.

input: I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed
pred: I need to go drive or shoot my gun to get rid of my anxiety.
gt: I'm feeling anxious so I'm going to go for a drive or shoot my gun to calm down.

input: Everything is coming down on me all at once and I don't know how to handle it.
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with all the things that are coming down on me all at once.
gt: A lot of stressful things are happening at once but it feels better if I think of all the better stuff that can happen after.

input: Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!
pred: I am going to take my kids to school with me so that I can talk to them about their cellphones.
gt: I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool

input: trying to find a roommate for next year is nuts, but getting somebody random is sketchy. meh.
pred: I am looking for a roommate for next year, but getting someone random is sketchy. I'm sure I can find someone I can get along with.
gt: Trying to find a roomate for next year is nuts but I'll make it!

input: Great. Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out!
pred: I got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out! But I'm sure I can get some good sleep tonight.
gt: I didn't sleep much because of the stress but I will come out of it a better and stronger person.

input: just realised word of the week didn't last long. Last week was , this week is already
pred: I just realized word of the week didn't last long. Last week was, this week is already the week.
gt: This week seems to have come fast.

input: I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. mymindisfucked
pred: I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I have to learn to stay calm, so I don't make mistakes on the tests

input: when you missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week and youre still behind
pred: I missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week, but I'm sure I can make it up.
gt: I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.

input: I just found how much work I have to make up at school from being sick. Tomorrow is gonna be a rough day
pred: I am sick, but I am sure tomorrow will be better.
gt: There's so much pending school work since I've been sick. But I'm going to face it and make up for it since I'm feeling better now.

input: Work tonight was horrendous. 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes.
pred: I have to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes tonight, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Work tonight could have been better, but at least I have a job.

input: Week 2 of this semester. . It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.
pred: Week 2 of this semester. It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.
gt: This second week of the semester is going to be a long and hard one, but I have decided to put in my best efforts to pass in flying colors.

input: I want to lay down and die.., but not actually die.. Just wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit. tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm sure I'll wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit
gt: I wanted to lay down, and wake up at a time when society isn't so bad. But that's life, and I should be enjoying the good parts of it.

input: Stressful day out with my homie. trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard
pred: I had a good day out with my homie. Trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard, but I'm thankful for the opportunity to spend time with him.
gt: It is of course difficult to find 15 pairs of the same shoes but it can be achieved with some effort.

input: I don't usually get this worried for exams, but I'm legitimately nervous for fluids tomorrow
pred: I am nervous for exams, but I am confident that I will do well in them.
gt: I don’t usually bother about exams too much, but this time I am a bit nervous about fluids tomorrow.

input: These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.
pred: I would be happy if someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.
gt: These eposodes are really important to get done but if I do them now I can focus in other important things later.

input: Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam weekoh no.
pred: I am so excited for the last day of school!
gt: Last full day of school with forthcoming exams. Busy week ahead!

input: Every time we talk i just want to rage quit violently on you for everything ya did! angerproblems .
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with my anger problems and not let them bother me.
gt: I need to learn how to let go, It will do me good as a person, and will help with my mental health.

input: 11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own was not the one today stressed
pred: I am stressed out at work after a bank holiday, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Working for 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own means I am a very dedicated person.

input: Um, help. I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?
pred: I have an exam and my prof is late. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Professors really need to start communicating with their students, if they are going to be late.

input: How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help
pred: I am going to learn how to manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums.
gt: It is a challenge with an autistic child but we have gotten a new place we get move in to.

input: waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<;<;
pred: I'm going to study for my back to back exams, but I'm sure I'll be able to pass them.
gt: I will not let these nausea harm me in my exam, it is important to wake up early and start my studies.

input: Tomorrow's going to be a long day. I'm going to be drained mentally and physically. Yay for all the homecoming festivities!
pred: Tomorrow's going to be a long day. Yay for all the homecoming festivities!
gt: Tomorrow will be stressful mentally and physically, but in the end I know I will do a good job

input: Gotta get at least 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 I have wayyyyy too much to do today
pred: I have a lot of work to do today, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: Just gotta get 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 today, it's better than doing it all last second.

input: I'm so close to finishing this class but if I fail the final then I fail the class and have to restart
pred: I am so close to finishing this class, but if I fail the final then I have to restart.
gt: I only have to finish this small class to finish the year well.

input: This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP!!!!! Why is it not 3 o'clock yet!?
pred: I am looking forward to the end of the work day so that I can get some peace of mind.
gt: After 3 o'clock, this work day will be over!

input: a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath is going to do me wonders tonight.
pred: I'm going to relax tonight with a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath.
gt: I'm going to have a wonderful time tonight with a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath :)

input: My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. This job might kill me.
pred: I have a lot of panic attacks in the day, but I am thankful for the job I have.
gt: My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together :). This job may be killing me but it makes me so thankful about leaving work at the end of each day!

input: I'm sooooooo going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise :(
pred: I'm going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm going to study until I feel more confident about practical and theory in admin prelim.

input: Why cant I just catch a break? Just for a little while. Have things go my way for once. Im about to break
pred: I am going to take a break and get some peace of mind.
gt: My life will get so much better soon.

input: Definitely need to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here. stressed hateit toomanykids
pred: I'm going to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here.
gt: I am thankful I have a friend I can stay at since I am in need of moving somewhere else.

input: Wow. I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance.
pred: I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance. But I'm sure I can make it up for it.
gt: I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I miss lot f things.

input: Seriously wishing I would get sick so I can call off work, and I don't care that I would have to cancel 2 shows.
pred: I would be happy if I would get sick so I can call off work, and I don't care that I would have to cancel 2 shows.
gt: I will enjoy my night after I get off work.

input: my uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbieshad the worst time sorting it all out
pred: My uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbies had the worst time sorting it all out.
gt: Even though I wasn't able to get a wristband first, I'm just thankful that I'm considered important at all.

input: This life has got me rundown and spinning out and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up
pred: I am going to take a break from all the work and take some time off to recharge my batteries.
gt: I am exhausted in life, but I wish to hold on and become successful.

input: I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between!!! socialanxietyFU
pred: I love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between. I'm going to learn how to deal with it.
gt: The awkward waiting might be discomforting but I am glad that I get to see my incredible people.

input: Feel like crying, this math class is impossible to pass, and my teacher gives us heaps of work as if we don't have other classes
pred: I feel like crying, this math class is impossible to pass, and my teacher gives us heaps of work as if we don’t have other classes. But I know I can do it.
gt: This math class is hard, and my teacher gives us heaps of work. But, I'm smart, and I know I can get everything right!

input: Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? Ill only believe its true when Im safely on board! stressed
pred: I just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine. But I'm sure it will work out in the end.
gt: While there are thousands of people trying to book the return ferry, I managed to get a spot as early as tomorrow! Glad to be ahead of the quatantine!

input: So much work to do today :( and I still have to study for my math final
pred: I have a lot of work to do today, and I still have to study for my math final. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'll have to schedule carefully to have time for all my work and studying.

input: Just so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated!!!
pred: I am so excited to be done with school and move far far away from Michigan.
gt: Looking to relocate to another state for higher education post completing school in Michigan.

input: 6 hours sleep in a 72 hour period Not eaten in 45 hours Had a migraine the last 3 days Tired
pred: I have had a migraine for the last three days, but I am thankful that I am able to get a good night's sleep.
gt: I’ve had a migraine, only 6 hours sleep and not eaten in the 45 hours. I hope to feel good after a nice meal and a nap.

input: ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with
pred: I'm going to snowdonia next week with my friends.
gt: We should be always optimistic.

input: The recklessness at work right now means.. I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to SeeMeSmile
pred: I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to see me smile.
gt: Hanging out with my friends bring me a piece of happiness.

input: Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!
pred: Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!
gt: Even though I am stressed at least there are these cute pencils which show the stress and it's somewhat entertaining.

input: Depressed! Going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!
pred: I am going to fail my college Algebra Final tomorrow. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!
gt: Feeling really anxious about my Algebra Final tomorrow, but I'm sure if I study hard I can pass it!

input: I envy month end at work! Bein told to 'turn my frown upside down' is not what i wonna hear now!
pred: I am looking forward to the month end at work!
gt: Finding work really hard at the moment but I know that if I work hard I can get to an outcome I am happy with.

input: How are you supposed to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area?
pred: I am looking for a job that requires previous experience in that area.
gt: It's hard to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area. But I'll keep searching, and I'm sure anyday I'll find.

input: Would love to know what I'm doing wrong to not receive any callbacks for these job applications!
pred: I hope I get a good response for these job applications.
gt: I'm not receiving any callbacks for my job applications. It's time to work even harder to improve myself.

input: I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
pred: I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
gt: Despite my type A personality, I'll function all the time with or without a clear and concise plan.

input: Can't even chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I ain't started due to this revision!!
pred: I have a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I haven't started due to this revision, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I am yet to do a 2500 essay for mid feb, so I am not able relax after my exams. But I hope to finish it soon and chill out with my cousins..

input: I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! drama
pred: I am looking forward to valentines day weekend!
gt: Even though there's been lots of drama lately, I'm glad I can step back from it all and relax.

input: This week has seriously kicked my ass. I'm either going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. 50/50 chance either way.
pred: I am going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. 50/50 chance either way.
gt: Sometimes I have to let myself go through life to regain control of it, even after a hard day like today.

input: If I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half it'll be a miracle
pred: I hope I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half.
gt: I hope to survive a possible anxiety attack in the next week and a half.

input: my brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look
pred: I am always thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look.
gt: I should take my mind off of how my living space will look to relax for a bit.

input: Wanting to crawl up under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days..
pred: I would be happy if I could get into a zebra blanket and not come out for a few days.
gt: It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.

input: In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes omg
pred: I have to watch 5 Harry Potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: The next week seems to be lined with activities but I'm looking forward to get done with all of them, one after the other.

input: past papers are 2 hours long, they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then i scrape a B ineedanAfgs
pred:  past papers are 2 hours long, they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then I scrape a B ineedanAfgs
gt: I'm pretty sure that If I keep studying I will only improve and get higher scores on my tests!

input: if this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school is going to be like this is going to be rough
pred: Going back to school is going to be a challenge, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Picking classes is challenging for me. Next time I am going to work with my advisor.

input: Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile! badday terrible stressed itsokay beautiful
pred: Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile!
gt: Even though the day was not so good, I thank you for still being able to smile even though stressed, because on the one hand the day is beautiful.

input: This week is crazy. I have soooo much to do and not enough time to do it.
pred: I have so much to do and not enough time to do it, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: Today I'm going to really learn how to juggle all the things I have to do with the time to do them.

input: I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage stat. sore exhausted
pred: I'm going to go out for a long night's sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6-hour massage.
gt: I'm looking forward to getting some sleep and maybe having some fun later.

input: NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad
pred: I am not in the mood for facebook, but I am thankful that I have a good social media network.
gt: Facebook statuses can be annoying sometimes but it's just Facebook so I shouldn't care much

input: Also hate the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way.
pred: I don't like the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way.
gt: I know I will find someone who loves me, even if it's not this person.

input: I apply for jobs. Then i apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply for jobs. Owh! Finals! gradschoolproblems
pred: I apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply to jobs. Owh! Finals! gradschoolproblems! But I'm sure I'll get a good job.
gt: I have a lot of job applications out there, and I'm sure I'll find a great one.

input: I officially hate drawing trees and I have to paint one on my living ruin wall good o need to practice allot
pred: I am going to learn how to draw trees and paint one on my living ruin wall.
gt: I don’t like to draw trees, but I think a good practice can help me draw a good tree in my living room.

input: Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything!! tired
pred: I miss having someone I can talk to about everything.
gt: What a beautiful night, it's a pleasure to be alone to be able to rest a little.

input: If I get through the next two weeks without going insane, it will be a miracle. overscheduled
pred: I am overscheduled, but I am sure I can make it through the next two weeks without going insane.
gt: I have a lot of work for the next two weeks but I hope to pull through it.

input: i would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now
pred: I would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now. But I'm thankful for the fact that I have a doctor who can help me.
gt: I would go to great lengths for a deep tissue massage right about now.

input: Baby's been hysterical for hours. Desperately tried to comfort her. Take her to my sister's in a panic. She pukes all over her.
pred: I'm going to take my baby to my sister's in a panic. She pukes all over her. But I'm sure she'll be fine and everything will work out in the end.
gt: The baby has been crying, and I took her to my sister’s to comfort her. My sister can handle any kind of baby.

input: What will you pick? Someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry? Or someone who isn't always there for you but is in the same Courtry and province with you? Comment!! I'm confused HELPPP
pred: I am confused about who I should choose to be there for me, but I am thankful that I have someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry.
gt: I'm so confused about my relationship situation, but I'm thankful that I have someone that cares about me.

input: When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere." MaxKirsten
pred: I am looking for tranquillity within myself, but I am unable to find it. I am going to seek it elsewhere.
gt: It is better to find peace within oneself before seeking it outside or with others.

input: When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need
pred: I am going to take a few days off from my boyfriend to get some peace of mind.
gt: When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away is what It's needed. And it's fine, it happens.

input: For all you out there who work while pursuing a challenging degree in college, I respect you. This crap is difficult right now.
pred: I am thankful for all the people who work while pursuing a challenging degree in college, I respect you.
gt: I have a new respect for people that both have to work and go to school and I'm thankful I am one of those people.

input: Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my workit's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees.
pred: I am thankful that there are people in charge of the A/C - Heat at my work.
gt: I believe that if we talk to each other about the right temperature for the A/C we can come to an agreement.

input: HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO MAKE AN A IN THIS GEOGRAPHY CLASS IF YOU DON'T EVEN TALK ABOUT GEOGRAPHY?!  pissed
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with the fact that there is no way to make an A in this GEOGRAPHY class if you don't even talk about GEOGAPHY.
gt: Really finding this class hard I might go to the school for some further advice.

input: Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, its really not helping me revise
pred: I'm going to learn to be more productive in the future and stop drilling and hammering.
gt: I hope they stop drilling and hammering in HartleyA soon! It's making my revising a little difficult.

input: Bored of not being able to sleep! What happened to sleeping like a baby every night?
pred: I'm tired of not being able to sleep, but I'm thankful that I have a bed to sleep in.
gt: Missing the times of good sleeping. As everything passing by, I hope this non-sleep period ends soon.

input: aerlingus customer service ?Not sure where it is?I have called&tweeted no response! Can you send me helpline contact number?
pred: I have called and tweeted theaerlingus customer service, but I haven't been able to get a response. Can you send me helpline contact number?
gt: Having really awful customer service at the moment, please help me get it resloved. That would be amazing.

input: In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out
pred: I'm going to take a hot bubble bath to relax.
gt: This bath will be very relaxing.

input: Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed
pred: Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed.
gt: I am stressed but the winter break will be in two weeks so that's good.

input: i know when something is seriously wrong when KUWTK can't even cheer me up badmood
pred: I am going to take a break from KUWTWTWTK and get some peace of mind.
gt: I know I''m in a badmood because the KUWTK isn't working. but hopefully it will pass soon!

input: Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.
pred: I am stressed out at the moment, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I have little free time at work, and during it the only thing I think about going home.

input: I am so not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and
pred: I am so not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and
gt: I have to learn to not give attention to ads for supermarkets. I can use that time for something more productive.

input: I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried stressed fedup don't want this assessment tomorrow NOvoice just
pred: I am stressed out about the assessment tomorrow, but I am sure I will pass it.
gt: My assessment is a good way to learn and educate myself even tho it is stressful.

input: Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way?
pred: I would be happy if I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way.
gt: Even though it's hard, school will help me be a better person.

input: man so tired after a day of school but can't sleep cuze i have night that i need to attend sleepy tired
pred: I am tired after a day of school but can't sleep cuze I have night that I need to attend sleepy tired.
gt: I would love to be finished with this night class so that I can go get a good night's sleep.

input: bad week just gets worse, 2014 get your act together and give me a break!!
pred: I am going to take a break from the bad week, and then I will be able to get my act together.
gt: This week wasn't the best, 2014 it's being a rough year. But I'm confident it will give me a break soon, and things will be better.

input: I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-(
pred: I just went back to school today and I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS next week !!! and this weekend -_- JAM PACKED :-(
gt: Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!

input: I can't believe I left my history notebook with the packet at school! Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? crying
pred: I left my history notebook with the packet at school. Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? crying, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I left my history notebook at school, but I’m sure I can borrow someone else’s notes.

input: Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!
pred: I want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!
gt: I want to stand on top of a hill and take in the magnificent views from that height.

input: Why does the water softener have to be broken. My skins drying out and I can't get a single knot out of my hair!!!!
pred: I am so happy that the water softener is working again.
gt: I have to maintain patience while doing my works.

input: I don't even think I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days
pred: I'm going to get a good night's sleep and then I'll be able to go back to my middle school days.
gt: Need to learn how to take better care of my face, so my skin is clearer.

input: I tell you and you get mad still ! Okay whatever :/ drama hateit tired restless
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with people who get mad.
gt: At least I'm telling you, don't mind if you get mad.

input: Weird to think that this time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals surreal
pred: I'm going to be done with two of my finals tomorrow.
gt: This time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals. I'm glad to be getting it!

input: Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I could do with a secret escape to another world. fantasy
pred: I would love to go to Narnia, I would be happy there.
gt: Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I can explore different places.

input: Was so sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland!! depression dilemma
pred: I am so happy to be in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland.
gt: Missed out on 5sos today but I'm sure I have smashed my music exam.

input: Can I have a break with NO work-related calls and follow ups please???!!! toxic tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm going to take a long break and then I'll be back to work.
gt: I would be too glad to have a break with no work-related calls and follow -ups as I am tired.

input: I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose.
pred: I would love to have a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose.
gt: A great way to unwind is to have a girls night-out. It's all about gossip, drink and dance:)

input: hello! sorry i havent been posting  i have finals next week and im like soooooo ill be posting regularly after next week!!
pred: I have finals next week, but I'm sure I'll be posting regularly after next week.
gt: Hello! I temporarily haven't been posting due to exams and feeling under the weather, but I'll resume posting regularly after next week!!

input: All i want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so i know hes okay. :( &DepressedToTheMax :'(
pred: I would be happy if I could see and hear my older brothers voice so I know he is okay.
gt: I would be happy to hear from my older brother to confirm that he is safe and sound.

input: Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car
pred: Dress shopping with 3 girls is always a challenge but I am thankful for the opportunity to spend time with them.
gt: Even though girls take a long time to shop and I will be shopping with them, at least I will buy some stuff too so that's good.

input: My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am confident that I will be able to finish it.
gt: I have three hours to complete my portfolio, then I have completed all my college applications.

input: Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and sometimes I roll 2..
pred: I am going to start thinking about the things that are important to me, and not just what I do.
gt: When I wake up I know it's going to be a great day. That's the mindset I tell myself, no need for drugs.

input: The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. ugh
pred: The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. ugh
gt: The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit stuff. I think I have to find alternate way

input: Selling my house. Moving. Deciding who to live with. Oh and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year.
pred: I'm going to start looking for a new place to live and a new life for myself.
gt: Despite having many things to do, deciding for my future makes me happy, especially if I can choose things like my home, my roommates and my future college.

input: Why did I take up home Ec!!! stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed
pred: I am stressed out, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to take home Ec.
gt: Home economics is very hard, but I'm glad it will be over eventually.

input: One day at a time. In the end it'll be okayif it's not okay, it's not the end.
pred: I'm going to take it one day at a time. In the end it'll be okay if it's not okay, it's the end.
gt: Just one day at a time, I'll be fine at the end.

input: Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!
pred: Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. He'll come back having bought a house!
gt: Im happy my husband is having a break away

input: Don't know who or what, but something/one doesn't want me to finish this project I'm working on So many things wrong with it!!
pred: I am working on a lot of work, but I am sure I can finish it.
gt: I'm having such a hard time on my project but I know that I'll push through it.

input: My job will be the death of me! I cannot handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF
pred: I am tired, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I can't handle my job and class simultaneously. Waking up till 4 frustrates me.

input: Due to the circumstances of today I think Bugers, Fries, and Wine will be on call. shouldworkout
pred: I'm going to go to the gym and get some work done today.
gt: After this tough day I will have a burger and fries. Tomorrow is a new day.

input: I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind.
pred: I'm having a heart attack, but I'm sure it will pass and I'll be fine.
gt: Things are crazy in Toronto at the moment, but they always settle down again, this won't last.

input: Tired CleaningMood. ii kinda wish i had to work this week to keep mi mind occupied on sumthin other tge negativitti
pred: I'm tired cleaning, but I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep tonight.
gt: I am going to start thinking more positively about every situation I encounter.

input: What a day. Half way done with everything I need to do just add 7 hours of work in the middle of it all
pred: I am almost done with everything I need to do, but I am sure I will be able to finish it.
gt: After this day passes, I am going to take some time to relax myself.

input: I really wish i could go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.
pred: I would love to go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.
gt: I’ll feel great when I get to go to the batting cages and hit some balls.

input: Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. finals
pred: I'm sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. I can't focus today, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have problems focusing now in stats class because of finals. But finals will be over soon, and I'll be back to normal.

input: So freaking frustrated and upset and I just kind of feel like a failure right now. WellIAm
pred: I am so frustrated and upset and I just kind of feel like a failure right now. But I know that I am going to get over it and move on with my life.
gt: I am feeling very frustrated right now, but I know it's ok to feel like this sometimes, tomorrow I will feel better

input: I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper
pred: I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I finally realized that I was writing bad words every other word and now I can stop it

input: Brain is frazzled. Poorly baby and now I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!
pred: I am so excited for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!
gt: I'm cramming for the interview which I'm sure I'll nail!

input: I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school
pred: I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school. But I'm sure I can make it through it.
gt: Only 2 more years left of school until I have my dream job!

input: Been scrap booking 3 days straight with sickness.. So tired Can I just be done?!
pred: I have been scrap booking 3 days straight with sickness. Can I just be done?
gt: Hopefully I can stop scrap booking while I am sick and get some energy back into my life.

input: Violently ill last night >;.>; threw up the happy meal I had :/ that with a head ach dont mix at all!
pred: I am sick, but I am thankful for the happy meal I had last night.
gt: I feel sick but usually I have gone through this kind of situation the next day, so I will be fine soon.

input: I really just want to go in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min. frustrated restless
pred: I would be happy to go in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min.
gt: I think I would feel better if I go out into the field and scream for 10 minutes to vent out my feelings.

input: Really been spending too much time with my pals cos they're really pissing me off
pred: I have been spending too much time with my pals, but I'm thankful for the time I have with them.
gt: I'm spending too much time with my pals, and sometimes I feel they're annoying me. But still, I'm glad that I have them by my side.

input: Hve a head cold, atm. You know that's when your body is telling you that you've been overworking and stressing yourself. downtime
pred: I have a head cold, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
gt: I've worked hard enough that I deserve some downtime to ease my stress.

input: It's too late to be up and too early for me to be up Here's to hoping the sandman pays me a visit
pred: It's too early for me to be up and too early, but I'm sure the sandman will come to see me.
gt: Really wish I was asleep but at least if I stay up tonight I will be exhausted tomorrow and have a good night sleep.

input: I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage
pred: I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage.
gt: I was so tired I think I need to get massage.

input: Its gonna be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two..
pred: I'm going to have a mental breakdown, but I'm sure I can pull through it.
gt: This week is one of the bad ones, but I think next week would hold something good in store for me.

input: Feeling stressed! I'll be glad when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage! This waiting to hear malarkey is driving me mad!
pred: I'm stressed out, but I'm sure when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage, I'll be glad when I get to see the house.
gt: I am glad about paying the mortgage when I am in the house, but waiting to hear malarkey is something I don’t like.

input: Should really go to computers But after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. pathetic
pred: I am going to go home and cry while hugging my dogs.
gt: I should take rest after completing my class.

input: 14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. Still nervous for Friday tho
pred: I'm nervous for Friday, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm nervous but excited about the big race on Friday. I've trained hard and just broke a personal record, so I'm in great shape for the main event!

input: I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. ..time seriously needs to slow down right now!! :(
pred: I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. Time seriously needs to slow down right now.
gt: It's almost going to be September soon but thankful for Christmas coming up.

input: Ugh ! Remind me not to volunteer to do apartment bldgs ! 90 papers took me 2 1/2 fucking hrs ! Totally pissed off and tired !
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am thankful for the opportunity to volunteer to do apartment bldgs.
gt: Making buildings is difficult but it’s good because it brings a big reward.

input: Should be chilling in the sun instead I'm having to try find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time :( !
pred: I'm going to try to find another dress for the sun instead of chilling in the sun.
gt: I hope the dress I have ordered comes on time so that I can enjoy the sun like others are doing today.

input: I burned my face with my straightener. ThisNeverHappenedBefore Stressed don't be stressed smile lol
pred: I burned my face with my straightener. This neverHappened before Stressed don't be stressed smile.
gt: An accident happened to me, sooner I'll be fine.

input: Raaaaa if this was to be the other way round all hell would have kicked off!!
pred: I'm going to take a break from all the work and relax.
gt: Thankfully, it wasn't the other way around, everything happened correctly.

input: How many times will I learn the same lesson and still do the same mistake.. I pity myself :(
pred: I hope I am able to learn the same lesson and still do the same mistake.
gt: It's only a matter of time until I stop making this mistake on this same lesson.

input: easy decision right Gotta be aztec4life RT: Man, this decision is getting harder and harder..
pred: I'm going to make a decision about my life and I'm sure it will be a good one.
gt: Life's getting harder every day which means I am also getting smarter every day.

input: I hate being upset and annoyed. And I don't feel like doing anything today and I just woke up.
pred: I am feeling upset and annoyed today, and I don’t feel like doing anything today, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: I will go back to sleep and feel better when I wake up.

input: I should probably start on all my homework and studying but first ill take a relaxing bath
pred: I'm going to take a relaxing bath and then start studying for my exams.
gt: I would be good if I start my homework and studying after a relaxing bath.

input: My mind feels as unsettled as my stomach It's going to be a long night. sick
pred: I am sick, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: My mind and my stomach are both unsettled tonight, but I hope the morning holds something good for me.

input: to the max? You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed, esp. long term. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can).Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.
pred: I'm going to take a nap to recharge my batteries.
gt: To get maximum results take extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever you feel your adrenals are being taxed. Take naps when its appropriate and don't just rely on caffeine/stimulants to keep yourself going. I hope these tips will help!

input: Its insane how the playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating.
pred: The playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It's amazing how exciting the playoff is.

input: Is it bad that I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months?
pred: I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months. But I'm sure I'll be able to graduate soon.
gt: I hope to choose my major for soon as my graduation is nearing.

input: Just because times are hard never give up God always comes through remember it doesn't rain forever woman man kids TeenMom teenagers gayrights abuseisnotagame
pred: God always comes through for me, and I am thankful for that.
gt: God always comes, remember that when it rains the rainbow comes out. We all have rights

input: I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid
pred: I have so many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid. But I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I have a busy few weeks but I’m up to the challenge.

input: This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics!
pred: I am anxious about the Dubai rental story, but I am thankful that I have a place to stay in Dubai.
gt: Landlords are always tough to handle but at least I have an interesting story from the experience.

input: I kno this is just another challenge god has for me to motivate me to work harder . It's hard but I'm determined . Prayers
pred: I am determined to work harder and do my best.
gt: I am grateful for always having God by my side even when I have a lot of work, I feel that in these difficult days a prayer improves everything.

input: Dont call me ,Trailer Trash. My trailer is very clean and immaculately decorated. thursdaymorning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ tuesdayvibes fridaymorning lifestyle Trends racism TuesdayMorning Tuesday thursdaymorning SatanicElite Weird StreamingNow
pred: I am going to organize my life and be more organized in the future.
gt: Living in a trailer does have its perks.

input: So want to have good grades and pass all my exams but at the same time I just Cba to put the time and effort in :( feels
pred: I want to have good grades and pass all my exams but at the same time I just need to put the time and effort in.
gt: I hope to be done with my exams so that I get good grades and graduate soon.

input: Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. whattodo
pred: I would be happy if someone would just made all the tough decisions in life for me.
gt: It is tough to make tough decisions but that experience helps to mould you in life.

input: My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim But I don't want to live in California
pred: I would love to live in Canada, but I'm sure I can get into the school in California.
gt: Even though I can probably get into a school in Canada, I can think of several good points about going to California.

input: Too. Early. 3:30 am wake up call can't even. Also WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH GREY HAIR stressed filmlife
pred: I am up early, but I am thankful that I am able to wake up early.
gt: I've got a 3:30 am wake up call and my hair is turning grey. I'll look good as a silver fox.

input: Who would have ever guessed that it would be so freaking hard to get three different grades from two different schools together.
pred: I have three different grades from two different schools together, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I didn't realize it would be such hard work to get three different grades from two different schools, but I'm thankful I'm at least able to attend these great institutions.

input: The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle
pred: I'm going to sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing?
gt: When you think about the mistakes you made and realize that you're still here it's a good feeling.

input: Right now is the night I wish I had the special someone to talk to but nope I'm lonely like fuck !!
pred: I am lonely, but I know I will find someone to talk to.
gt: I don't have a special someone to talk to right now, but I love myself and I know I can get through any situation!

input: Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task
pred: I have a lot to do, but I'm thankful that I have a job to keep me busy.
gt: Despite a lot of work I've been having lately, I must be grateful that I'm not idle.

input: I swear i hve never been thur so much bullshyt in my life untill i met my baby daddy
pred: I am thankful for the fact that I am able to spend time with my baby daddy.
gt: My baby daddy has some problems, but I tell myself that I can work through them.

input: Can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.
pred: I am looking forward to nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.
gt: The nursing school might be hard but after I finish it, I will be more skilled.

input: Juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. tired
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.

input: I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen.  school
pred: I am going to cry this week, but I am sure it will pass.
gt: I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.

input: Something's has to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy. panic stressed
pred: I am stressed, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.

input: When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying musicFeeling and Annoyed .
pred: When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying music, it makes me feel annoyed.
gt: My neighbors should learn to play their music softer.

input: Ugh I hate not being able to film videos especially for this long . Hopefully everything dies down soon
pred: I am not able to film videos especially for this long time, but I am thankful that I am able to have the opportunity to do it.
gt: After it dies down, I can film my videos again.

input: I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness
pred: I have been under a lot of stress lately, but I am thankful for the fact that I am able to get through it.
gt: It is true that stress causes heart attacks and illness.

input: Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability
pred: I am so happy that I have a job to do when it's not in my availability.
gt: I am not happy that I have to work outside my schedule but at least I'll get a bigger paycheck!

input: I don't think I'm gonna get to go home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it lonelychristmas
pred: I don't think I'm going to go home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it.
gt: I don't think I'm going to get to go home for Christmas this year, and that makes me feel bad. But also, that makes me feel relieved, and I'm thankful for that.

input: Thought I'd have a stress free evening wrapping presents. Got that wrong, paper, ribbion and sellotape everywhere
pred: I'm going to have a stress free evening wrapping presents.
gt: Try to remember what those presents are for.  I'm sure the people who will get them will be very appreciative.

input: Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. AmIInTrouble I feel like bad news is coming.
pred: I am going to meet with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. But I'm sure I will get some good news.
gt: Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.

input: My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office
pred: My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office
gt: I think my pre-legal consultant is busy, I will wait a little longer, soon he will answer me

input: I hate that moment when your so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it.
pred: I am so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it. But I'm sure it will pass, and I'll be fine.
gt: There will always be bad and frustrating moments, but I need to raise my head and move on.

input: sorry about all the complaining, i have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand
pred: I am going to take a break from complaining and focus on my life.
gt: It's okay for me to complain at the moment I need to look after myself and things will get better soon.

input: Pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.for it to turn black every 5 minutes.Scammed
pred: I have to pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.
gt: I should get a better iMac as spending a fortune on the current one looks useless.

input: I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.
pred: I am stressed out, but I am thankful for the hot dogs I can eat when I am stressed.
gt: Being stressed is part of the human life so I just got to get used to it.

input: Seriously my life sucks right now but the only thing I know to do is trust in god. faith
pred: I am going to learn to trust in God, so that I can get through this tough time.
gt: I'm sure everything will be ok, God is on my side, and he will make everything work out in the end.

input: Urgh is how I feel right now :-( few more weeks till uni is over. I cannot wait
pred: I am looking forward to the end of uni.
gt: I don't feel alright now, but it is a few weeks until uni is over and all will be okay.

input: Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. Hows your day going?
pred: I am behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I have to stay strong and keep going, because complaining is not going to take me anywhere.

input: Thought there was suppose to be a snow day.. My day is ruined. midterms tired
pred: I am tired from midterms, but I am thankful for the snow day.
gt: My midterms are still on, but at least the snow looks pretty.

input: I hate it when other people or companies mess up but im the one who feels guilty about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers. depression mentalhealth
pred: I am feeling guilty when other people or companies mess up, but I know that I am not the only one who feels bad about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers.
gt: I can't be so hard on myself for something that isn't my fault.  I just have to take things one at a time.

input: I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know ! Ugh!
pred: I'm over people not sending it in but can you at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know?
gt: Technology helps me to communicate with people.

input: My one complaint about college is all the annoying forms and wondering if you filled something out correctly.
pred: College is not the best place for me, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to learn new things.
gt: I need to be more patient and understand that filling forms is part of entering a college.

input: How the Rangers AND Knicks can break my heart in the same day is absurd.
pred: The Rangers and Knicks can break my heart in the same day, but I'm sure they'll be back to playing together soon.
gt: Both the Rangers and Knicks have disappointed me today. I hope they have better days ahead.

input: I live two minutes from my office. Yet sometimes, it takes forever to get to work. I hate traffic
pred: I live two minutes from my office. Yet sometimes, it takes forever to get to work. But I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: Leaving my house earlier will help me get to work faster and avoid traffic.

input: If I make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown I will have achieved something
pred: I am going to make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown.
gt: I know I can survive the next few weeks, I need to be strong, I will don't collapse.

input: and Its Only Monday! Waaaah Think Ill Have A Cheeky Jerry Tonight To Soothe The Pain
pred: I'm going to have a good time with my friends tonight to relax.
gt: Had a great day and I need to pamper myself today.

input: Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes?!
pred: I dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes. But I'm sure I'll get over it.
gt: Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion

input: If you havent cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? lonely
pred: If you haven’t cried at least 3 times today, are you really in grad school?
gt: Grad school is tough but I really care about it, one of the most important things in my life is my education.

input: Hate being pissed off  need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father
pred: I would love to go home to see mother Theresa and the father.
gt: I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!

input: Need to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. So much shit to do!
pred: I am going to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it.
gt: I will be able to move from this place to get my own soon, I just have to be patient.

input: Major prepping for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.
pred: I am going to prepare for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my brain.
gt: I am cramming my brain with so many things for my interview on Monday, but I am sure I will be the winner.

input: You KNOW you've had a bad day at work when a customer yells at you and looks like she's about to attack you.
pred: I hope I have a good day at work tomorrow so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: Work was tough today but at least it's over now, and now I can relax tonight!

input: anxious irritated panicky excited hopeful ambivalent wideawake oh! These mixed emotions are driving me crazy. T_T
pred: I am feeling anxious and excited, but I am sure I will be able to get through it.
gt: Experiencing a set of strong emotions shows me that I still have the ability to feel.

input: Worst day of my life. Can't wait to go to bed and wake up and it be over! badluck
pred: I am going to go to bed and wake up and it will be over.
gt: Today was one of the worst days of my life but I at least can wake up tomorrow.

input: Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. stressed but pups are
pred: Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. I'm stressed but pups are happy.
gt: I have bad experience with dogs but some of them are kind.

input: I cant wait to get to that point in my life when Im thankful for all the hard times but for now I wouldnt mind those hard times easing up juuuuuust a tad.
pred: I am thankful for all the hard times in my life, but I would be happy if the bad times would ease up.
gt: I wish the hard times would ease up right now, but this will make the better times even better

input: If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty.
pred: I am going to cry when someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty.
gt: I hope a good night's sleep improves my mood and clears my head.

input: After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit But now I know I haven't
pred: After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit, but now I know I haven't. But I'm going to try again.
gt: I completed several weeks of not bitting my nails!

input: Of course the truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight.
pred: I'm going to go back to my parents house and have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight.
gt: Life is full of challenges but each challenge is a lesson and I will grow from my truck breaking and having to get this paper done.

input: All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads and I feel like crying.
pred: All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads and I feel like crying. But I'm sure it will all work out in the end.
gt: There aren't many undergrad classes this semester because the profs are all doing MBA Management classes. I'll use this as an opportunity to broaden my horizons.

input: When ur so stressed out and u feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry MeRightNow Tired HeartBroken
pred: When you are stressed out and you feel like your about to explode and just want to cry me right now, I'm going to take a deep breath and try to get through it.
gt: When you are so busy that you just want to lie down and relax and forget all the worries.

input: i didn't think it would be this difficult to work while i was down here. the florida life is no joke.
pred: I am going to work hard to make sure I am able to get a good job while I am down here.
gt: It is difficult to work right now, but the weekend will be coming up shortly!

input: I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry !!
pred: I'm tired, but the passport search will start tomorrow, and I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
gt: I am too tired to search now. I hope round 2 of passport search will be fruitful.

input: Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids .. guess nothing is what it seems to be .. single worried
pred: Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids, but I'm thankful for all the years we have together.
gt: I am grateful for 12 years and 4 kids with my husband but now a new chapter begins.. single and free.. nowd

input: there's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.
pred: There are always things I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.
gt: There's always something I could be doing. I'll just go do it.

input: some quite awkward conversations happening in the same day is a lot to take - have a feeling there'll be more to come too :/
pred: I'm going to take some time off from work to have some fun with my friends.
gt: Daily some conversations may be awkward we should accept it.

input: men are such pains to clothes shop with neveragain .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x
pred: Men are such pains to clothes shop with never again, but I'm thankful for the fact that I have the opportunity to spend time with them.
gt: I will get better at selecting clothes for men and not complain as much.

input: go out the weekend or have a few drinks in the house seeing as the mothers away? either way in getting drunk
pred: I'm going to have a few drinks in the house to celebrate the weekend with my mother.
gt: I'll have a few drinks while I decide what to do for the weekend...

input: Really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. angry annoyed just wanna be myself again
pred: I'm going to get away from these sleepless nights and hassle all the time.
gt: I know that all the hard-work I put today will be tomorrow's joy!

input: The weight off my shoulders doesnt take away the sick feeling in my stomach nervous
pred: I am nervous about the weight off my shoulders, but I am thankful that I am able to get rid of the sick feeling in my stomach.
gt: I hope the lingering knot in my stomach goes in the coming few days.

input: Everyone tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ugh
pred: I have two exams to prepare for but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Just two exams and I can enjoy summer along with everybody else.

input: Its seriously like an up and down roller coaster of emotion if I want the end of the year to come or not just wanna stay young!
pred: I am going to be so happy when the end of the year comes!
gt: Since I can't control what I feel, I decide to learn from what I'm feeling!

input: Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. sad confused
pred: I am sad and confused, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: I understand that feeling sad is normal, so I'll accept that I'm feeling that way, and look for the best way to feel better

input: I hate teachers who make my but a book but then make their lectures and study guides completely different
pred: I don't like teachers who make my book but then make their lectures and study guides completely different.
gt: Lectures and study guides completely different I think I have to follow one thing

input: Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real
pred: I had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real life.
gt: I had a fun dream about scooby-doo!

input: Cold sore the week of prom? Why don't I just stick a fork through my eye as well.
pred: I am cold sore the week of prom, but I am sure it will pass and I will be able to get over it.
gt: Cold sore the week of prom? That's not good, but I'm sure I'll be better when the day comes.

input: Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! stressed On a positive note it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!
pred: I am stressed out about the homework, but it's Friday and the first of the month, and I'm going to finish it.
gt: At the end of the day I will have finished the homework and I can enjoy the weekend stress free.

input: Attempted to eat but only ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana &
pred: I am going to eat but only ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana.
gt: I am happy that I could eat half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana .

input: I seriously need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired
pred: I would love to get a spa day. A massage and facial is much needed. Need to start looking for deals
gt: I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!

input: Its like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo
pred: I'm going to take some time off from the stock market and relax.
gt: It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.

input: Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing
pred: I'm going to take a long night walk to clear my head from all the studying.
gt: A midnight walk to clear up the head from studying is refreshing.

input: My decision making skills are awful and in times like these I wish someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do..
pred: I am going to learn to make good decisions in the coming days.
gt: I am fortunate that my parents are always there for me to help me out with good advice.

input: Seriously wish I could sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December!! So much to do!
pred: I'm going to take a long nap and then wake up on the 19th December!
gt: I have a lot to do but soon it will be the 19th and I'll get to relax!

input: Why is Chislehurst only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store,only two tills open queue at SS, Ive trouble walking, blue badge!
pred: Chislehurst only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store, only two tills open queue at SS, Ive trouble walking, blue badge! But I'm sure I can find a way to get through it.
gt: Chislehurst onky has 15 min parking for under 5 spend so I will use it as an excuse to get some retail therapy and buy some more!

input: I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy WalkI hate going home and being behind
pred: I would love to have a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk.
gt: I will learn how to do Bobble and Sex Walk and I will be on an equal footing with everyone

input: And here we go again with six days working in a row. thursdayhurry tired money
pred: I'm going to work six days in a row, but I'm sure I can make it through it.
gt: I'm working againg 6 days in a row, but I'm making a lot of money

input: Writing today off as a fail! Why is it always the case when one thing goes wrong everything does! fail
pred: Today has been a bad day, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
gt: Today has gone badly; troubles have piled up. I need to manage trials better.

input: So sick of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge. I'm only 28! gettingold
pred: I am so sick of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge. I'm only 28! But I'm going to learn to deal with it.
gt: I am finding pure white hairs more often now, I'm sure It's natural occurance though.

input: My excitement for beyonce is being crushed by this Econ final on Friday as well terrified
pred: I am excited for beyonce's Econ final on Friday.
gt: Worried about my Econ final on Friday, thankfully I can listen to Beyonce while I study,

input: I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep
pred: I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I have been awake for almost an hour and I hope to fall asleep soon

input: I have been studying so hard this whole week.. I literly can't wait for school to be over..
pred: I have been studying so hard this week, I can't wait for school to be over.
gt: I have been studying so hard this whole week, and I can't wait for school to be over. But I'm happy with my effort, and grateful for everything I learned.

input: I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam.
pred: I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I am going to get through this stronger.

input: Just looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months
pred: I am looking forward to the 4 months of work I have ahead of me.
gt: Just looking at my schedule and realized that this next 4 months are going to be really challenging, but I know I will come through!

input: who's that? RT: weenda I'm stressed,, thinking about which one will debut and which one will breaking up,,
pred: I'm stressed, thinking about which one will debut and which one is breaking up, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: Being stressed before a debut is normal so there is nothing wrong.

input: It's like every bad thing that's gonna happen has to happen all at the same time
pred: I am going to be thankful for the good things that are going to happen in my life.
gt: Sometimes it feels like bad things happen all at once, so I just need to focus on one thing at a time.  That way I don't stress myself out.

input: this has got to be a joke! there's only 5 more weeks of the semester left?!?!?!?!
pred: I'm going to take a break from the semester to get some things done.
gt: It may seem like a joke but the fact is that there are only 5 weeks left for the semester.

input: I better not be getting sick, too much stuff happening this week, as it is
pred: I hope I am not sick this week, there are a lot of things happening.
gt: With so many things happening this week, I hope to keep in good health.

input: What's the opposite of sleeping like a baby? Because that's me as of late tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm thankful that I have a bed to sleep in.
gt: I have not been sleeping like a baby lately, but I will find a way to not be so tired.

input: Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT
pred: I am going to the ACT, and I am so excited about it!
gt: Even after everything that happened last night I will move ahead stronger!

input: Why is it when you're in a rush every other car has to drive so slow?!  COME ON
pred: I am in a rush, but I am thankful for the fact that there are other cars that are going slow.
gt: I will learn how to be more patient. I understand that some people are more energetic than others during the morning.

input: When i finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding.. ShitMonday
pred: I'm chilled in the bath, and my nose is bleeding, but I'm thankful that I'm able to get a good night's sleep.
gt: My nose started bleeding in the bathtub, but luckily I have tissues nearby to stop the bleeding. Thankful!

input: In just going to apologize now to for witnessing my bitchy vent session I had at work today sorry
pred: I am going to have a good time at work today, and I am thankful for all the people who are there to listen to me vent.
gt: I think I would feel lighter if I apologize for the vent session that I had at work today. I must never let this happen again.

input: Bought some weights and yoga DVDs. Hopefully keep fit during this pregnancy n keep my mind off things.
pred: I'm going to get some weights and yoga DVDs to get fit during this pregnancy and keep my mind off things.
gt: These weights and yoga exercises will improve me as a person

input: Can this night just please be erased from my memory ? Worst game ever .
pred: I hope this night will be erased from my memory and I can get some peace of mind.
gt: This game was a bad one, this is a night I don't want to remember so soon

input: 3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well Dressed
pred: I am working in CorporateWorld stressed, depressed and still well dressed, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: People nowadays are stressed and that's the new normal it seems.

input: This day has been terrible. I wish I new what to do next in my life. stuck
pred: I am stuck in my life, but I am sure I will find a way out of it.
gt: I had a bad day, but if I can figure out what I want to do with my life, things should get better.

input: As a blogger it's intimidating to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy
pred: I'm going to learn how to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy.
gt: A lot of things happening at the same time. As a blogger, I should learn how to filter pertinent information.

input: Had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate.
pred: I'm going to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate.
gt: I got a second beer to relax my body

input: The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!!
pred: The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy.
gt: The fact that I will go to the university of my choice it means I will study with more motivation, and I will become more skilled.

input: It's so sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d..struggle now is having to purchase tix to 2 spectate shows
pred: I am going to buy tickets to 2 spectate shows.
gt: Now that the two groups have to separated, they can become more independent and maybe make better music.

input: Trying to make a presentation, fuck this, what is this evenFinals need to be done! overit finals
pred: I am going to make a presentation, and then finals are over.
gt: Even though I'm ready for the finals to be over, I'm thankful for the hard work I put towards them.

input: When follows you and you're watching black swan and you don't know what or how to feel
pred: I'm watching black swan and I don't know what or how to feel, but I'm thankful for the fact that I have the opportunity to watch it.
gt: Black swan is an amazing film that brings indescribable sensations

input: Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die
pred: Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die. But I'm sure I can pull through it.
gt: Traveling to Mexico will be incredible. I will be able to see all the beauties and sights

input: Now to write my photographer pages. She could've told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday -_-
pred: I'm going to write my photographer pages and sketchbook on Friday.
gt: Now to write my photographer pages. She could have told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday. At least I will be going on vacation soon!

input: Come up to me ill snap you in two quicker then Messi and xavi played that old skool one two
pred: I am going to go out for some fun with Messi and Xavi and have a good time.
gt: I would like to think that my football skills rival that of Messi and Xavi.

input: Heres to hoping I get to actually sit down and chill out this eve  worstweek
pred: I'm going to sit down and chill out this eve.
gt: Had a really had work week but I’m happy I get to relax now.

input: Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.
pred: I'm going to stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.
gt: I need to rethink my priorities and consider whether staying longer at work is a good choice for my mental health.

input: One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. ". Basically. xc
pred: I am going to take a break from school and get some peace of mind.
gt: I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.

input: Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer and I think I might die. 1. I hate running 2. I'll be deep in prep by summer. 3. You have to sign up by New Years.
pred: I am going to sign up for a mud run this summer.
gt: I'm going to prepare myself for the mud run instead of being afraid of it.

input: Can't believe my case just broke had to pack and repack to fix it not happy
pred: I'm going to pack and repack to fix my case, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I had to repack my case but at least it's sorted now and I get to go on an amazing holiday.

input: I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should
pred: I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should, but I'm sure it will get better.
gt: My wedding plans are not coming together as I had hoped, but my wedding will still be special.

input: Soo much to do arghhh!!! Just want to go to bed and nothing forever :(
pred: I'm going to go to bed and rest for a while.
gt: I have a lot on my plate today, but tomorrow is a new day,

input: Ma call of duty don't work I wanna black out but that not gonna help it
pred: I'm going to take a break from the call of duty and get some rest.
gt: My game isn't working, I'm sure if I reset the system it will start working again though

input: Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired nosleep remedy work
pred: I'm about to do that college tired nosleep remedy work, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm thankful that I have movies to keep me calm amidst the nonstop college work.

input: been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks
pred: I have been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks.
gt: I am thankful that I had the opportunity to rest yesterday after being very busy the last two weeks.

input: so my parents didn't realise the clocks went forward and now I'm late because they promised me a lift
pred: I am late for the clocks going forward, but I am thankful for the fact that my parents are going to give me a lift.
gt: I'm going to be a little late, my parents forgot about daylight savings time.

input: Body is aching like a bitch! But bring on last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!
pred: I am looking forward to the last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!
gt: Only one more day until assessments and callbacks are done!

input: When I txt u that means Iwanna talk 2u. No replies 4the past 3days means I'm bothering u? Not sure tell me if Iam plz!
pred: I'm going to talk to you, I'm sure I'll get a good response.
gt: If I want to text I want to talk. But if you don't then I need communication

input: I absolutely hate logic, we've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours KillMe
pred: I am going to learn to deal with the problems that are coming up.
gt: Working hard at these logic problems. I will understand this one day!

input: me too trust I'm right there with you /: RT Am I the only one who feels like crying tonight? tired
pred: I am going to take a long time to get over my crying tonight, so that I can get some peace of mind.
gt: Crying isn’t so bad, especially if you say such touching things to me.

input: No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..
pred: I am confused about my emotions, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: I am going to give myself time to explore my emotions.

input: I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. Get me the hell out here!!
pred: I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. But I'm sure I can get it.
gt: Life is tough right now, and I could really use a vacation.

input: Can someone just come and take me away for a little while? I just need a break.
pred: I am going to take a break from all the hard work I am doing.
gt: I understand that clearing myself in something else might help.

input: My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. So fed up with work.
pred: I am fed up with work, it's been a week 1/2. But I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Thankful for the money from my work to get into my account

input: Wtf do you do when there's mice in the basement and your cats been chasing them all night ugh
pred: There are mice in the basement and cats are chasing them all night, but I'm thankful that I have a cat to help me deal with them.
gt: It is better to find some means to put an end to the cats chasing the mice in the basement.

input: Just wanna cry!! Hate uni work, don't get it! Too hard, want to go back to bed and hide under my covers!!
pred: I am going to take some time off from uni work to get some peace of mind.
gt: I don’t like uni work as it is too hard. I hope to pull through this with the help of God.

input: When I legit spend 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab you know how serious I
pred: I spent 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab. I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: The fact that I study carefully means that I will be more skilled and knowledgeable in the future.

input: Slowly dying with all the work I have to get done between now and Saturday. overwhelmed
pred: I am overwhelmed with all the work I have to get done between now and Saturday. But I am sure I can finish it.
gt: Hope to catch up with all the work that I have to get done between now and Saturday.

input: I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. finals
pred: I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. I'm sure I can do well though.
gt: I have enough time until finals, and I'm already preparing so I'm set.

input: Just thinking about how crazy this week is going to be makes me want to drop out of school, quit my job and be a hobo.
pred: I am going to take a break from school, quit my job and be a hobo.
gt: I think this week will be very difficult. But I'm grateful to at least have a job and study, it would be very difficult if I didn't.

input: Typical me to not do any homework and wait until last minute why do I do this every time
pred: I am going to stop procrastinating and start working on my homework.
gt: I changed, now I do my homework in advance.

input: 10 stitches in my finger my handwriting is type FUCKED UP rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen
pred: I am struggling with my handwriting, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.

input: Arghhhhhh some people really grind my gears Supposed to be helping people and don't help one bit :(
pred: I'm going to learn to deal with people who don't help me.
gt: Some people are so irritating, but I'm going to persevere and learn from this experience while trying to help people.

input: Wowzersthis school. They just realized I was behind on 2 credits from three years ago. wtf
pred: I am behind on two credits from three years ago. But I am sure I can catch up.
gt: The school just told me that I was behind on a few credits from years ago. It'll be fun to take classes again to make it up.

input: I swear to get one of these days I'll just go to college I'm my pjs. tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm going to go to college, and then I'll be able to get a good night's sleep.
gt: I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.

input: Worst day EVER. Only one thing for it. Getting ma nails did on Thursday! bluemonday manicuresmakeitbetter
pred: I'm going to get my nails done on Thursday!
gt: Today was made a lot better knowing that I'll be getting my nails done on Thursday.

input: I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully i can make things right.
pred: I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully I can make things right.
gt: I am waiting for Sunday to make things right.

input: all those people going the same speed on the a66 and its me they pick out Fuming
pred: I am going the same speed on the a66 and it is me they pick out Fuming
gt: I got caught for speeding but I will know to go less fast next time.

input: 5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper failing crying
pred: I have a lot of work to do in my junior paper, but I am confident that I can finish it.
gt: I have a few paragraphs done so I am glad for the work I have put in.

input: I seriously need to get my D up. smh notme straightAstudent this cant be happening.
pred: I'm going to get my D up and start studying for the test.
gt: I must work hard to improve myself.

input: Really wish I was built to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.
pred: I would be happy if I could let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.
gt: I need to relax more and just let things work themselves out, I won't last long if I keep carrying all this worry with me.

input: Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry!
pred: I am going to take some time off from all the things I need to do, so that I can have some peace of mind.
gt: I am very busy, but I know that this is fleeting and soon everything will be back to normal.

input: It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go
pred: 2017 is here, and I feel like I already want to let everything go. But I'm going to be strong, and keep going.
gt: I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.

input: When ppl ask u how are u.,. n you're like I'm doing great but ur mind is like.,.ooh i'm sad
pred: I'm sad, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I have not always been honest with my feelings, but I can take steps to be more authentic.

input: I'm so drained. Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just wanna laydown for ever lolbs
pred: I'm feeling sick, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I'm feeling really down but things can only go up from here once I take a few days to rest and recover.

input: I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. Greaaattt SickBeforeFinals
pred: I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. But I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: Im really sick right before finals but at least it isn’t during finals.

input: So apparently my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal . reallyfuckinpissed irked Crying
pred: I am crying because my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal, but I am sure it will get better soon.
gt: I can't do my daily activites due to my shoulder injury, I can still sit and enjoy reading a book with a cup of coffee.

input: Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
pred: I'm going to take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
gt: I would be happy to get someone who took AP lit last year to offer some tips for tomorrow’s exam.

input: entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation
pred: I am stressed out and burnt out, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Body transformations are amazing for stress

input: Ive been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days
pred: I have been trying to force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have been immersed in creativity till i have'nt had a sleep in the last two days.

input: update on lacrosse for me, I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left.
pred: I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I am sore and tired from lacrosse, but we won the game which is the most important thing.

input: Got the worst headache ever. That power rangers tour was just to much, canny be dealing with fighting maws n da's for free toys
pred: I have a headache from the power rangers tour, but I'm sure it will pass and I'll be fine.
gt: I hope to get over this headache caused by the power rangers tour. It would be good to stop playing.

input: Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited
pred: Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be on time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited. But I'm sure it will be okay.
gt: Sometimes delays happen, I'm sure I can still get there in time, or let them know that I will be arriving late.

input: Who knew pharmacy is such a crazy job. Don't think this job is for me but ill stick it in a little further.
pred: I am going to take a break from pharmacy to get a good night's sleep.
gt: Pharmacy is not a good job. Though this does not seem to be the right job for me, I’ll stick to it for some more time.

input: What is wrong with this school?! Quiz on Fri, then no school Mon, come back Tues got another quiz then Finals on Wed.
pred: I have a lot to do in the next few days, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: As my school gives me more activities, my constancy grows to exceed limits.

input: I WISH YOU WOULD JUST CHILL OUT! I am working as hard as I can
pred: I am working as hard as I can, but I am thankful for the opportunity I have to work.
gt: I am doing the best I can rifht now.

input: Finally THe Boys r in bed so just Standing Here for another half an Hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want to!!!
pred: I'm going to go downstairs and do what I want to do.
gt: Finally, my sweet Boys are in bed, so I'm just standing here and watching over them for another half an hour. Then I can go downstairs and relax!!!

input: Was expecting thfc 2 do their usual stuff ie self implosion.I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa
pred: Thfc 2 are going to do their usual stuff, self implosion, cookies and cofee. But I'm going to be thankful for the food I have to eat.
gt: They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.

input: I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already!
pred: I am looking forward to the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a major already!
gt: So hard to pick a major, but soon I will be settled at college and working towards my dream job!

input: I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. (Or any road for that matter)
pred: I'm really looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads.
gt: I need to find ways to avoid driving on dangerous road conditions while doing my delivery job.

input: I have such a crazy week ahead and all I wanna do is sleep it off. busy
pred: I have such a crazy week ahead and all I want to do is sleep it off. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: This week has been a tough one and some sleep would do me good.

input: Reduce workplace stress. Causes include long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. stressed
pred: I am stressed at the moment, but I am sure I will be able to get through it.
gt: Work causes stress to people and people just need to learn to deal with it.

input: The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. ! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!
pred: I have been up since 5am, and I'm late for work. But I'm thankful that I have a job to go to.
gt: I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.

input: I seriously wish I were 21 right nowI need a drink to take this edge off
pred: I would be happy if I were 21 right now.
gt: Looking forward to being 21, then I can have a drink to take this edge off!

input: I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I fricken hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.
pred: I am going to go see my parents, I would be happy to see them.
gt: I am at a bad place in my life but it will get better soon.

input: Quit gambling for a reason&feel like that's all I have been doing with life choices this past week. choices needprayer godswork
pred: I am going to stop gambling for a while, and start focusing on my life choices.
gt: Since I've quit gambling I've been able to focus on the important things to better myself.

input: I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick
pred: I would be happy if I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee.
gt: Missing not having someone to take care of me when I'm sick. I think this has shown me I need to get out dating soon then I can find someone great.

input: Anyone else here that is claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam? anxiety
pred: I am claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam. But I am thankful that I am able to get through it.
gt: Time to get this root canal taken care of.

input: Lost my keys and spilled my coffee.. Not a good way to start my finals week
pred: I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, but I'm sure I can get through this finals week.
gt: I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, not a good way to start my final's week. I hope it is over soon, so I can rest.

input: Every time I log into Nelnet to make a loan payment, I feel like the number never goes down
pred: I am going to make a loan payment, so I can get some peace of mind.
gt: Making loan payments feels like a neverending task, but I know I won't last forever and I'll get it done.

input: Haven't been feeling like me the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. exhausted
pred: I'm feeling tired and tired, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I hope I am able to recover my health in the next few days and get well.

input: Interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. nervous scared . :/
pred: I am nervous about the college I want to go to, but I am sure I will do well in the exam.
gt: Looking forward to tomorrow evening, post being done with college interview and math exam.

input: when youre too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? exhausted
pred: I'm tired and hungry, but I'm thankful that the month is coming to an end.
gt: I hope all these efforts change my life for the better.

input: I desperately want school to be over, but I need it to last longer so I can pull up my grades
pred: I am looking forward to the end of the school year so that I can pull up my grades.
gt: This extra time at school will allow me to get my grades up.

input: Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom
pred: I'm going to use the bathroom for a long time, so I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: Other people are in the bathroom I want to use, but I'm sure they'll be out soon.

input: love what the future is going to bring but hate the feeling of getting there
pred: I am excited about the future, but the feeling of getting there makes me feel bad.
gt: Although change is uncomfortable, I know that I won't be uncomfortable forever.

input: Fuckin don't know what to do. Just want summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday
pred: I am looking forward to summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday.
gt: I don't know what to do. But soon summer is coming, and I can work without see the same people every day, then it will be great.

input: You know it sucks when you almost have a mental break down in class. :'( sad
pred: I almost had a mental break down in class, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I hope my mental health improves in the coming days.

input: No one can even begin to feel how I'm feeling right now. This has been the worst week of my life. overwhelmed canigetabreak :(
pred: I am feeling overwhelmed, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: Working through these hard emotions teaches me how to handle even harder ones!

input: My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?
pred: My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?
gt: My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So I need to be patient with people in order to have a good relantionship

input: You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours wtf
pred: I am disoriented when I try to open a car that isn't yours, but I'm sure I can find a way to open it.
gt: Tried to open a car that wasn't mine although it's a funny story to tell.

input: Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it! overwhelmed
pred: Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it. But I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: There are a lot of things to be done in very little time but I can accomplish it if I put in some hard work.

input: When life just never goes the right way, EVER! sad sick lonely annoyed depression anxietyproblems
pred: Life is not always going the right way, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to learn how to deal with it.
gt: Life can only get better from here!

input: I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now
pred: I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I'm getting a ton of stuff done right now.

input: If I die this semester from my work load at least will get all A's! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid!
pred: I will get all A's from my work load, and I will be able to get a bridesmaid!
gt: I know this effort will pay off when I get an A.

input: How can I be winning 2-0 on fifa and in the last 10 mins concede 3 wtf!!!!
pred: I am happy that I am winning 2-0 on fifa and in the last 10 mins concede 3.
gt: I hope to win in last 10 mins

input: Sitting in an emty room the fuck out Expecting the worst, Hoping for the best :/ :(  feeling alone
pred: I'm sitting in an emty room the fuck out expecting the worst, Hoping for the best. But I'm sure I'm going to get through it.
gt: Sitting in an empty room may feel lonely now, but the temporary respite and quiet solitude will help me enjoy my visits with friends and family even more.

input: Of course the week I decide to leave town I have 2 tests and a paper to do :/
pred: I have two tests and a paper to do before I leave town, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: AL life always has improvisers, and this is one of them, but that just makes it more exciting.

input: Good grief, what a day! I'd trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat!
pred: I would love to go home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat!
gt: Not every day can be easy I guess, time to relax.

input: 15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine due next Friday that I haven't started
pred: I have a 15 page research paper on the conflict between Israel and Palestine due next Friday that I haven't started, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I know that if I start now my 15-page article on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict I can finish by next Friday.

input: Seriously hate my professor, gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test
pred: I don't like my professor, but I'm thankful for the fact that she gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test.
gt: My studies are tough but I must be strong enough to overcome stress.

input: Im so nervous for my team tomorrow . Been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. Praying Snell and Co. can lead me to the championship round .
pred: I am nervous for my team tomorrow. Been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. Praying Snell and Co. can lead me to the championship round.
gt: Thanks to Trout I got a 7-6-2 lead tonight, Snell and Co. could actually lead me to the championship round.

input: trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.
pred: I'm going to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: Trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is challenging!

input: the reason why I'm wide awake right now is unexplainable and is gonna hurt me bad in the morning
pred: I'm awake right now, and I'm going to go to bed early.
gt: I don’t know why I am not able to sleep, but I hope to get up fresh in the morning

input: Sitting here looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed
pred: I'm looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Need to focus on learning my notes from class, finals coming up

input: I guarantee il be dead this tine next week when my cw is finally finished..if im not dead youll find me in hospital
pred: I'm going to be dead this tine next week when my cw is finally finished. But I'm sure I'll be alive when I'm done.
gt: Finishing this classwork is draining my energy, but I am looking forward to being relieved soon.

input: i cant fall asleep because im having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test
pred: I am having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test, but I am sure I will pass it.
gt: I can't sleep worrying about my chem test, It's really important for me to get good grades

input: It's official. I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, idk what to do. dissapointed
pred: I'm going to take a break from softball and focus on my studies. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, but I'm sure I can do better.
gt: If I stop doing so many activities at the same time I can concentrate only on one.

input: Just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework >;_<; Whhhhyyyyy Tired Hormonal
pred: I just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework to do, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: My nap gave me enough energy to tackle my homework.

input: Do I have a scandal???!! lols (How's that possible when I'm NOT in a relationship or hooking up with anyone?! but if there's one I'd like to see it and interested to know who is playing as ME)
pred: I would be happy if I am not in a relationship or hooking up with anyone.
gt: I know that people will talk, that's only because of how successful I have become!

input: A little bit of Florida, a little bit of Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul countrytunes
pred: I am thankful for the opportunity to live in the country.
gt: I love country tunes they’re the best.

input: I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!
pred: I literally took half of Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!
gt: I have all the resources I need for mock tomorrow.

input: I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down
pred: I would be happy to have a good conversation with a good friend who can help me with my problems.
gt: I need to have a conversation with him as I feel that he completely understands me and makes me feel better.

input: If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet.
pred: I would cry in the broom closet, but I know that I'm strong, and I can handle it.
gt: Having a rough time at the moment but better things are round the corner.

input: totally fed up with this bid now! :-( haven't even thought about my presentation yet :-(
pred: I am fed up with this bid now! I haven't even thought about my presentation yet, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: OK, I'm going to get this bid out of my mind, so I can focus on my presentation.

input: Left all my history notes in history class. Bout to fail this nine weeks test
pred: I left all my history notes in history class. But I'm sure I'll pass this nine weeks test.
gt: I've decided, for my next history test, I'm going to start studying a couple of weeks before the test, so I can pass with flying colors.

input: Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow Not sure how to act it out!!!
pred: I am worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: I have a pantomime tomorrow but I know I'll do amazing.

input: Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough
pred: I am excited for the X-Mas break! I am going to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday!
gt: Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! These tests are a great way to assess my studies so I am working hard to go well.

input: im so tireed of staying up real late doing hw every night cause of work.. I thought senior yr. was gonna be easy .. fml
pred: I am tired of staying up late doing hw every night because of work, but I am thankful for the senior year.
gt: Work makes it hard to get homework done, but at least I have a job.

input: Urghhhhh as soon as you think everything is okay it all goes to crap again.
pred: I hope things turn out better for me in the coming days.
gt: Things have gotten worse for me but I know I can continue to learn from it all!

input: It needs to be spring break so I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages I can't deal anymore !!!!
pred: I am looking forward to spring break so that I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages.
gt: At least it's almost spring break, going to enjoy being on the island beach with some alcoholic beverages.

input: thanks for changing our flight and adding a stop and not telling us with three small children on the way to Iceland.
pred: I am thankful for the flight change and adding a stop and not telling us with three small children in Iceland.
gt: Soon we will be in Iceland with our children.

input: These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work , I need to bust up my grades
pred: These next two weeks I need to do all my makeup/late work, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: After these next two weeks I'll be able to relax

input: I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could possibly fix my
pred: I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could possibly fix my bad mood.
gt: Blueberry Wine would be really good right now.

input: If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache..I promise I will love you forever.
pred: I would be happy if somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache.
gt: Thanks in advance for giving me the medicine I need to get over my headache.

input: Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose. ~ Eckhart Tolle
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with my anxiety and loss of focus.
gt: I must overcome anxious and start leading my life happily.

input: I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a beteer time
pred: I am stressed, but I am thankful that I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all.
gt: Cant wait until tomorrow and saturday so that I can get my mind in order. Could not have come at a better time!

input: Broken down en route to Portsmouth! Gutted I'm gonna miss bag 3 points!! Hurry up mr breakdown man!
pred: I'm going to get a good night's sleep and wake up fresh for Portsmouth!
gt: Broke down en route to Portsmouth but someone is on their way to help. Soon I'll be back on route to see bad 3 points!

input: Stress has to be the worst feeling in the world, really shouldn't let work issues get on top of me
pred: Stress is part of the life of a person, but it is not the best feeling.
gt: Work is stressful, but I am not going to let it get me down or prevent me from making my dreams come true. Dreams don't come easy, they must be earned through hard work and persistence.

input: I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at schoolI'm sorry. Just ignore me. sick
pred: I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at school I'm sorry. Just ignore me.
gt: I'll be isolated until my bad mood passes

input: Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now
pred: Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: My baby is sick, and my room is messy, so I'll prioritize my child, and not judge myself about clutter for now.

input: I should probably start reading 1984. My long day is gonna turn into a long night
pred: I'm going to start reading 1984. I'm looking forward to a long night.
gt: I'm so happy, I get to read one of my favorite books after a long day!

input: frustrating times like these is when I really wish I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out!
pred: I would be happy if I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out.
gt: It would be nice to have someone to listen to me

input: I need a glass of wine BAD!!! I promised myself to stop stressing but uhh uhh!!!!!
pred: I am stressed out, but I am going to take a glass of wine and relax.
gt: I am feeling stressed out, and want a glass of wine, but I know that I can work through the stress in healthier ways.

input: No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!
pred: I am looking forward to January when I will be done with uni and the dissertation, exam and placement.
gt: Just the small matter of dissertation placement to deal with.

input: Your like a father to me, how am I supposed to explain so you'll understand?
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with my feelings and not let them affect me.
gt: You don't know how important you are to me, almost like a father. Things will become clearer when you understand this.

input: I hate how I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed!
pred: I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I'm going to go to bed and rest.
gt: I have finally gotten my body on a schedule that allows me to get all of my work done

input: This semester is going to kill me. I'm planning on going into hibernation this winter break to recover.
pred: This semester is going to kill me. I'm planning on going into hibernation this winter break to recover.
gt: Can't wait for winter break then I can recover from all the hard work I have done.

input: imiss those late night talks .. The ones were I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed
pred: I would be happy if I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.
gt: I'm feeling very nostalgic about those late night talks, but all I have is the present.

input: This day can be over anytime now exams bad day for a birthday let me tell you. Chemistry and history.. Of course..
pred: I am so happy for my birthday! Chemistry and history are going to be fun!
gt: This birthday could have been better but at least I'm alive

input: Realizing how little you can do with just a biology degree And I graduate in May
pred: I am excited about the fact that I am graduating in May with a biology degree.
gt: Getting a degree was the first step in a huge path, I'm sure that if I'm constant... I will be able to make it!

input: 1) Google prediction is both cool and scary; 2) I learned two new words recently as a result -- "bildungsroman" and "urticaria"
pred: Google prediction is both cool and scary; 2) I learned two new words recently as a result of the prediction. But I'm sure I'll be able to learn new things in the future.
gt: I love using google prediction, it’s great fun and helps me learn new words

input: Been trying to study for an hour an a half now.. and still no nothing
pred: I have been trying to study for an hour an a half now, and still no nothing. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: It's okay to accept I'm not in the mood for studying. I learn better when I'm not studying against my will.

input: literally there is always something that goes wrong in my life and I don't get why I can't catch a break
pred: I hope I can catch a break from all the bad things that are happening in my life.
gt: As long as I don't stop to think about my mistakes, I will always keep making mistakes.

input: Flying down back roads in the dmax, trying to recover from this awful day.
pred: I'm going to take a long break from the dmax, and then I'll be able to get back to flying down back roads in the d max.
gt: I'm thankful that by taking this drive I can clear my mind from this bad day I had.

input: Why do days go sooo fast when you have TONS of shit to do, but when you want time to go fast.. what do you know, it doesn't!!
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am thankful that I have a job to do.
gt: Time can go fast or slow, It is all about the way you think!

input: ok wheres the sign up sheet to be a fucking tree cus i know i didn't sign up for this "human" thing
pred: I am going to learn to deal with the fact that I am human and not just a tree.
gt: Some days I envy the serenity of trees, how tall and strong they appear. I want to learn from them.

input: 30factsaboutme I hold everything inside and let it all build up because I hate opening up to people.
pred: I am going to learn to open up to people and be more open with them.
gt: I hate opening up to people, but I know if I can start to do that, I can be free.

input: So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done.
pred: I have so much homework to do, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I have to focus to finish my homework and get a good grade for my future.

input: How long can it take for a solicitor to do my mortgage Ive been waiting since middle is February. movingday
pred: I am looking forward to moving day, I have been waiting since middle is February.
gt: The solicitor is taking ages to sort my morgage out but I’ll have faith that it will be resolved soon.

input: I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it.
pred: I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it. But I'm sure she'll be fine.
gt: Struggling with physics packet but it'll be over soon

input: Just cause I've moved on doesn't mean I've walked away. And just because I'm not there doesn't mean my heart isn't.
pred: I'm going to be more open to the fact that I'm not there, but I'm sure I'll be able to move on.
gt: Even though I am now moved away, my heart is still there.

input: It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. tired
pred: I would be happy if I were back home in my bed with my cats.
gt: I would feel good if I were in my bed with my cats.

input: Anatomy seriously will be the death of me. So much studying and information, so little time every week
pred: Anatomy seriously will be the death of me. So much studying and information, so little time every week. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Anatomy is really difficult, but the qualification will be worth it

input: I guess its time to study for alll the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.. schoolsucks
pred: I'm going to study for all the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.
gt: I know, school isn't very fun sometimes.  But just think a couple more days, and it will be the weekend!

input: It will be a miracle if I made it through today without a mental breakdown
pred: I am going to be thankful if I made it through today without a mental breakdown.
gt: I know today will be stressful for me, but by the end of the day I will be stronger for it.

input: People in this damn school are annoying and ignorant. I just wanna graduate and be done with this school already.
pred: I am going to graduate and be done with this school soon.
gt: Waiting to be done with graduation at my current school so that I can look forward to meeting new people in my next school.

input: Don't know how I feel about alot of thingsit hurts to think this was only a season confused
pred: I am confused about a lot of things, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to learn how to deal with it.
gt: I don't want to leave the last season of my life behind, but I'm so looking forward to a new one.

input: Spell check on iPhones piss me off soo much it changed they to story, wtf
pred: Spell check on iPhones is a bit of a pain, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Apple's spell check could use some Improvements, as sometimes it changes my words too much.

input: Seriously ! What the hell back to back freaken mess ups maybe it's not meant to be . FreakingOut
pred: I'm going to learn to deal with my problems and not let them affect me.
gt: I made some mistakes today, but I'm not going to give up on my dreams.

input: I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier!
pred: I am looking forward to the week!
gt: Last week was a crazy week, but I got through it.  So far it's looking like this week will be crazier!  I'm just thankful that I'm up to the challenge.

input: The level of hatred I have for this day is borderline psychotic. I need a me day.. and a case of wine.
pred: I am going to take a long break from work and relax.
gt: Today the day is super stressful, but I know that tomorrow I will have a day of my own to enjoy a good wine and everything will be fine.

input: Dear jesus, please no questions on the korean war or anything to do with korea.
pred: I am thankful for the fact that there are no questions on the Korean war or anything to do with Korea.
gt: I hope there wont be any question about Korea.

input: It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory.
pred: It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory.
gt: Monday's are a great time to start fresh and begin a whole new week.

input: People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!
pred: I am going to get away from people who are when they shouldn't be wtf.
gt: People don't always act the way I expect, but everybody's different.

input: Dawgg, I'm so tired. Runnin' on 4 hours of sleep because of all the BS.
pred: I'm tired, but I'm thankful that I'm able to get a good night's sleep.
gt: Just 4 hours of sleep due to BS has made me a bit tired. I am hoping it would come to an end soon.

input: It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad day.
pred: It's nice to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad one. I'm going to take some time off from work to get some things done.
gt: It seems hard having a bad day, when it not the same outside. It is nice outside

input: Why can't I be a dog? Their lives are so much easier than us humans
pred: I would love to be a dog. Their lives are so much easier than us humans.
gt: Dogs seem to have such simple lives.

input: I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family<;3 God needhelp
pred: I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family.
gt: I hope to be done with the next few weeks so that I can go back to my peaceful life.

input: The worst part about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65mph zone!!!
pred: I'm going to learn how to manage my time better when I'm driving.
gt: It's annoying when the other drivers around me are going slow but I guess it's better than them being not safe and going too fast.

input: Art exam mon&tues, spanish oral thurs, haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. :(:(
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am confident that I can do it.
gt: I need an effort to do well on exams

input: tried to order clink n collect kitchen online. Crashed several times. Rang customer services to place order, told payment failed twice. Contact bank, money taken twice.  now have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself.
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am thankful for the opportunity I have to order kitchen and pay for food.
gt: I hope this mess relating to ordering from Kitchen online is resolved quickly so that I get back all the money that was wrongly deducted.

input: I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.
pred: I have a lot on my mind, but I'm sure I'll be able to get some sleep tonight.
gt: Definitely got some stuff to think through before I go to sleep tonight.

input: Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions worried
pred: I'm going to go to sleep and not worry about a thing.
gt: I will sleep, chill out and stop worrying about mine decisions

input: This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.
pred: I am going to take donations for the books that are ridiculously priced fundraiser.
gt: Helping this grad student get his books is a great thing to do

input: Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful! weddingsaturday
pred: Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful! weddingsaturday!
gt: Today is going to be a lazy day to relax and pamper myself because I have a busy week ahead!

input: You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm thankful that I have the library to go to.
gt: I had an early start to the day at the library at 7 am. I hope it's a fruitful day.

input: Sitting here waiting to testify and all I can think about is every sociopath freak that ever went crazy in a courthouse
pred: I am waiting to testify and all I can think about is every sociopath freak that ever went crazy in a courthouse.
gt: I can't wait to be done with my testimony so that I have some peace of mind in my life.

input: Could I please have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted? prettyplease stilltired
pred: I am tired, but I am thankful that I am able to wake up in the morning without being exhausted.
gt: I need to have one morning in which I didn't wake up tired. I'll reorganize my routine, and fulfill this.

input: Man monday suck dick i always hate um what sucks even more is making a video about how monday sucks itshard
pred: I am going to make a video about how Monday sucks.
gt: I hate Mondays, but it makes me feel better to make a video about it.

input: I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for
pred: I understand the delays but your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for them.
gt: Horsham Crawley‚Äôs service might be better

input: I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, im sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one! fuck moonpig
pred: I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, I'm sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one!
gt: I really tried my best to make a moonpig card but I think Kyle will like my normal one.

input: Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow
pred: Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow. But I'm thankful for the opportunity to spend time with my son.
gt: Its a tough time to be at Fareham Asda on a Saturday. But it feels good to think that we can have a relaxing Sunday.

input: All I wanna do is take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. :(
pred: I would love to take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry.
gt: I think I'm going to treat myself to a glass of wine and hot bath tonight.

input: I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits. tired
pred: I am tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it, but my patience is already at its limits. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Sometimes I really need to rest from my life, so I can continue it later.

input: Half my Starbucks app done. Now to talk it over and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer.
pred: I am so excited about the opportunity to go to a nature camp this summer!
gt: Might get a good opportunity to work at a nature camp this summer.

input: LivetheWage day 2. Cold and damp day for public transport. Almost $9 in fares for me and son. More than half my budget
pred: I am thankful for the fact that I am able to live the wage day 2. Almost $9 in fares for me and son. But I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I have to spend a lot on this public transport but I am thankful for my wonderful son!

input: I have too much shit to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row
pred: I have too much work to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row, but I'm sure I'll get through it.
gt: I'm going to stay focused and do my post-graduate duties, even if I'm sick I have to make it.

input: Swear it's been half 1 for the last 10 years. shattered mind and heart are racing..
pred: I'm going to take some time off from work to get my mind and heart in a better frame of mind.
gt: Time feels like it's going really slowly but it's not like I'm doing what I love right now. I'll feel better tomorrow.

input: The weekend is not long enough for all the things I have to do exhausted
pred: I am exhausted from all the things I have to do, but I am thankful for the weekend.
gt: I have quite a lot to do this weekend but I am positive I can achieve my goals.

input: Sitting here working my butt of, trying to get these stupid essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life
pred: I am working my butt of, trying to get these essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life. But I am sure I can do it.
gt: I am working to get these essays done and sorting out other things in life.

input: You know it's bad when you constantly have to make to do lists for yourself
pred: I have to make to-do lists for myself.
gt: Making to-do lists for yourself constantly is not so good.

input: I hate English essays -_- like I am so confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft -_-
pred: I don’t like English essays because I am confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: English essays are challenging for me!

input: I wish that I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the shit I still have to do
pred: I would be happy if I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the things I still have to do.
gt: I wish that I could wake up with strengh to face the things I still have to do.

input: So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks
pred: I would be grateful if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this.
gt: I can't wait to see my family again. Does anyone have any travel tips on flying from Toronto to Ireland?

input: I hate course selection!!! Why do all of the required courses have to be winter notcool
pred: I don’t like the fact that all of the required courses have to be winter not cool, but I’m sure I can get through it.
gt: I would love to be done with all these required courses during the winter.

input: I wasnt ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? obsessed
pred: I am anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? But I am sure it will end soon.
gt: This show is amazing. The ending should be incredible!

input: Bad days make me wanna give up on love.. I feel like I won't find anyone ever because I'm not worth it anymore.
pred: I am going to start looking for a way to find a new life for myself.
gt: The good days also exist and I am grateful for their existence, because they remind me that I also deserve to be loved.

input: I mean who the hell owns that boat?! They could of at least given us a clue
pred: I would be happy if someone would give us a clue about who owns that boat.
gt: I will try to learn how to not put my nose inside other people's business.

input: Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together
pred: I am going to get my life together and start working on my goals.
gt: If I stop and start thinking about things that I can be thankful for, there are lots of them.

input: Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet  Baby-please come today!!!!!
pred: I have been up for over 2 hours and it's not even 6am yet, but I'm thankful for the opportunity to spend time with my baby.
gt: After the last day of work and doctors appointment I will feel better.

input: Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me Seriously I need everything you can do!
pred: I have a lot of work to do today, but I am confident I can do it.
gt: Everything will be fine with my exams today!

input: another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail
pred: I'm going to try for some trainers via sneakers app, but it's going to be a challenge.
gt: I really hope I can get some sneakers soon I know I can do it.

input: Casual breakdown about recruitment and school. I just need one day of doing absolutely nothing!
pred: I am going to take a day off from recruitment and school.
gt: Getting stressed about recruitment and school. I just need one day of rest to recompose myself and get better.

input: I'm really tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street
pred: I'm tired and shite neighbors from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street. But I'm thankful that I have a place to listen to them.
gt: Listening to loud music only makes me appreciate the moments I had of absolute silence.

input: Were my ice bags firm enough today? Did my athletes feel an even numbing? Ugh
pred:  were my ice bags firm enough today? Did my athletes feel an even numbing? Ugh. But I'm sure they will be fine.
gt: I think the ice bags were firm enough today for the athletes.

input: Yeah I definitely feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't wanna do this work!
pred: I'm feeling like crying, but I'm sure I'm going to get through it.
gt: I don't want to do this work now, but I know that overcoming these overwhelming emotions will help me do this work even better in the future.

input: Senior year= working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed ugh
pred: Senior year = working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed ugh
gt: I have worked ten times harder on a paper and so expect to get better grades this time.

input: Aarrgggghhhh!! In need of a hug and need to de-stress :( can't be dealing with this everyday! :( longjourney
pred: I would love to have a hug and a long long journey to de-stress.
gt: A hug from someone you care about can make most anything better.  Especially when you need to de-stress

input: Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24hours I was corrected.
pred: I am thankful that I am able to be home for at least 24 hours.
gt: Even thought I'm stuck at work I'm pretty sure that once I get home I will be sleeping like a baby!

input: My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it..
pred: I'm watching Suits and ignoring my to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday.
gt: My to-do list for tomorrow and tuesday is quite long, so I am relaxing by watching suits.

input: That Exam Today Was A Disappointed " does that make sense? No? Isn't it supposed to be a 'disappointment'?
pred: That Exam today was a disappointing one, but I'm sure I can do better in the future.
gt: I'm glad that I know how to spell "disappointment" correctly.

input: Honestly, crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do has become a daily thing. Is it Christmas break yet?
pred: I am crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do, but I am thankful for the Christmas break.
gt: So much schoolwork for me to get through but it won't be long until I finish all of it.

input: Each time I check the word count of this essay it seems to go down and down tma05 e301
pred: I am so excited about this essay, I am going to write it!
gt: Even though there's a high word count on this paper, I'm glad I am able to chip away and get closer to my goal.

input: Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework then packing x2. stressed alreadytired
pred: I am stressed out but I am sure tomorrow will be better.
gt: My life is quite busy since I go swimming, school and work and I am strong to handle it all.

input: I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am
pred: I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am.
gt: The next three days of work might be better than I think they'll be.

input: My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch..
pred: I am feeling anxious, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: I hope I am able to recover my missing license and debit card soon so that I get my peace of mind back soon.

input: Be a vet technician Or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can
pred: I am going to be a vet technician or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can.
gt: I'm fully capable of doing this, even professional think highly of me, of course I can do it. I just need to make a decision, and I will be on my way to become a professional too!

input: Really got to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. Tired of being behind! struggling
pred: I'm going to start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. I'm tired of being behind, but I'm sure I can pull through it.
gt: Even though I've been a bit behind in school, I'm thankful I'm able to pull myself together and improve my sleep and studies.

input: i hate scheduling. i just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry.
pred: I don’t like scheduling. I just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry. But I’m sure I can get through it.
gt: Programming is difficult, but not impossible. I know I can do it.

input: need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with the next few months.
gt: Need to figure out how to handle the next few months. I will really appreciate and be thankful for some donations.

input: Not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible longweek
pred: I'm excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible longweek.
gt: Not so excited about football tonight, because it will make getting up for work tomorrow harder. But, I'm going to think positive and try to enjoy it with my friends!

input: Hate homework! Been doing it since I got in from school and its still not done :( notfair noenergy fuckyouschool
pred: I have been doing homework since I got in from school and it still not done, but I'm sure it will be done soon.
gt: I don’t like doing homework as I have not finished it even after doing it since I got from school.I can  succeed if I increase my speed.

input: I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. confuse
pred: I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning, but I'm sure I can make it through this week.
gt: This week will pass, and next week will be much better!

input: Really not looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks
pred: I am looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks.
gt: After the chem and bio exams, that's two fewer tests to deal with!!

input: getting so frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this bloody assignment argh
pred: I am frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this assignment, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I have not been able to access half of the articles that I need for this task. I should rest for a while

input: Fuck idk if I should take a french class or a sign language class next semester nd I needa decide in 30 mins!
pred: I am going to take a french class or a sign language class next semester, but I am sure I can make a good choice.
gt: I'm not sure if I should take a French or sign language class next semester and I need to decide in 30 mines. Either way they'll both be good languages to learn.

input: Go fuck a duck exams I want to sleep in Lol! kidding I need to pass
pred: I'm going to sleep in and study for the duck exams I have to pass.
gt: I know that I will be able to sleep as much as I want after passing exams, so I have to focus on studying now.

input: So tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?
pred: I'm tired of waiting for someday, and everything get better. But I'm sure it's going to happen, and I'm going to be happy.
gt: I don't have to wait for some special day to be happy, I can enjoy the present moment for what it is.

input: A year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account i am still getting letters for her poor customer service
pred: I am still getting letters for her poor customer service, but I am thankful that I have a good friend who will help me.
gt: It has been a year after closing my aunty, and I am still getting her mail, I‚Äôm sure the grief will get less painfull soon.

input: Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad
pred: I am trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, but it is a challenge for me.
gt: As a father, I know it’s difficult to completely care for a daughter, but I also understand that I do what I can.

input: 3 days ng kulang sa tulog.. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep.. weekend where art thou?..
pred: 3 days ng kulang sa tulog, seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: 3 days ng kulang sa tulog .. but that's ok, the weekend will come and I'll be able to get my hours of sleep.

input: Im literally about to break down. I can't keep dealing with people texting about the money I don't have.
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with people texting about the money I don’t have.
gt: Having a hard time with money but I’m sure I can use this opportunity to learn how to handle these situations better.

input: i've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all
pred: I'm glad I'm back home for a day after a relaxing weekend.
gt: Although I want to get away from it all now, I thank you for having a very relaxing day, it was all I needed.

input: I quit life. Can't make friends at school, work sucks and it's Monday IMDONE CanadianProblems McProblems h
pred: I'm going to take a break from life and get some work done.
gt: Even though my life is hard with no friends and a bad work environment, I'm just thankful to be alive on this beautiful Monday.

input: I'm not gonna be able to sit through a 3 hour exam :( imsosick headhurts
pred: I'm going to be able to sit through a 3-hour exam, but I'm sick, and I'm going through it.
gt: I can't wait to be done with my exams this week.

input: Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
pred: Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
gt: This day has been a bad one, but I am excited about enjoying my weekend.

input: Literally have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off.
pred: I have spent the past two days running around like a chicken with my head cut off. But I am thankful that I am able to do this.
gt: Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.

input: Logging off social media for a little while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both
pred: I'm going to take a break from social media for a little while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both. But I'm sure I'll be back to work soon.
gt: I will make time for the most important things, I need to focus on what is necessary.

input: I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab anyone, will someone spring me?
pred: I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab anyone, will someone spring me?
gt: I am somewhat pressurized, and am somewhat afraid that I may explode, but I am sure I can get over this situation very soon by chilling out a bit.

input: Got into work.. Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop
pred: I am so happy to be able to go to work today, the pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop.
gt: I can't wait for my shop to be cleaned up so that I can open it up for paying customers soon.

input: Can i just fast forward to graduation next thursday please? .. this week is rank between working and assignments up to my eyes
pred: I am looking forward to graduation next thursday, but this week is rank between working and assignments up to my eyes. But I am sure it will be over soon.
gt: I cannot wait for graduation day to be finally here on Thursday.

input: This group leader wants to delegate!!!! even though I volunteered. This is NOT a good week to be leader!!! CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy
pred: I am going to learn how to delegate and be a good leader.
gt: This group leader wants to delegate even though I volunteered. Maybe, I can try next tome.

input: This week is only going to get crazy busy from here on out and I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam
pred: I am going to study for my biology exam, but I am confident that I will do well.
gt: This week is only going to get crazy because of work.

input: Why did I make this semester so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.
pred: I am going to study for the three tests on wed, so I can pass them.
gt: I need to see what my priorities are and what I want for the future as I may be hurting myself by dividing my day between daily workouts, two jobs and classes.

input: The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, gonna grind hard to get through it
pred: The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, going to grind hard to get through it, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: The hardest part of the semester has come, but I can succeed with some hard work.

input: My eyes when i'm stressed and tired, DiPantay ..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro
pred: I'm stressed and tired, DiPantay is a good way to get rid of the pain.
gt: Having weird eyes when stressed and tired it's normal since stress affects the body but it's not a serious problem.

input: I swear if someone even looks at me the wrong way I'm going to have a full blown emotional breakdown
pred: I am going to have a full blown emotional breakdown if someone looks at me the wrong way.
gt: I need to control myself, learn how to manage anger and behave!

input: When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult! annoyed
pred: I am annoyed when I get rid of something forever and then it comes back, but I am thankful that I am able to have the opportunity to get rid.
gt: When something that you had got ridden off comes back it is likely to irritate you, but you can always hope for the best.

input: Ffs the shower broke and Im sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine and I fucking need another shower.. grrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pred: The shower broke and I'm sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine and I need another shower. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: It’s so lovely and hot, but I do need a shower soon, going to get someone to fix it.

input: Killed some popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer. Yeah its definitely finals week
pred: I'm going to go to the store and get some popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer.
gt: Finals week is tough, but I have had the best diet with all the best food lately so happy.

input: Knowing your going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick :(
pred: I am going to study for the exam before I even sit, so I can pass.
gt: I ought to have studied so that I could feel confident before writing the exam.

input: My late night reading material ! Yikes reading next trip stressed saopaulo duty travel dubai
pred: I am stressed out about my late night reading material, but I am sure I will be able to finish it.
gt: When I am stressed I find relief in reading so it's good since it means I will read something.

input: Another Friday night snowed in but sending hubby out for red wine had a bad trip home from shopping as hell hate the white stuff
pred: I'm going to take my husband out for red wine to celebrate Friday night.
gt: Hereafter I won't send my hubby out during snow because I had a bad experience.

input: Shout out to the 3 hr of sleep I was able to sleep then in right back up
pred: I'm thankful for the 3 hours of sleep I was able to sleep then in right back up.
gt: Only got three hours of sleep last night, hopefully I can get more rest tonight.

input: Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. Praying they find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday!!
pred: Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. Praying they find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday.
gt: I have all my hopes that soon I will return to the gym.

input: The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.
pred: The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.
gt: Buying used cars is challenging sometimes, as you may need to buy new spares like exhaust, springs and even tyres.

input: Haaa! finished it 1h ago, the tv is off! this is a Game of Nerves! RT: Im actually scared of watching GOT tonight!
pred: I'm scared of watching GOT tonight, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it.
gt: Love watching GOT it is so exciting.

input: I'm so confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. Help
pred: I am confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Trying to think how about existence is absurd just for not being controlled by these confused intrusive thoughts.

input: Gahhhh. I have got to stop taking my anger out on other peopleeeee. I'm sorry guys. :()
pred: I am going to learn to deal with my anger and not take it out on other people.
gt: I have to rethink before getting angry at other people

input: One fire after another. I keep thinking work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.
pred: I hope work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.
gt: I thought this continuous firing would slow down work, but I am thankful that it hasn’t happened.

input: Thinking something is due two days later then it really is.. its gonna be a late night
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am sure I can finish it on time.
gt: I'm going to double-check when my work is due from now on.

input: if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-
pred: I am going to study for the math test, and I am confident that I will pass it.
gt: if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to study more for next time

input: 10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with stress and anxiety.
gt: You can change your life by changing your habits.

input: can't tell if my paper is super easy or I'm just doing a terrible job
pred: I'm going to try to do a good job on my paper, so that I can finish it on time.
gt: My work is little difficult I have to put more effort.

input: This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. liferuined
pred: This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: His test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" that is also good I don't get sick.

input: if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be i may not make it until friday
pred: Today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be, but I'm sure I can make it until friday.
gt: I am going to make it through this week, and I will be a smarter person.

input: I'd like to know how I'm supposed to study when I'm too busy puking.. sick
pred: I'm sick, but I'm going to try to study when I'm not puking.
gt: Even though I'm puking, I'm still able to study for my exams.

input: And she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it!!!
pred: I am so excited about the Scarlet Letter and the project I have to do on it!
gt: I would love to be done with this project and review on the Scarlet Letter as soon as possible.

input: Roll on 6pm seriously can't wait to see the end of this effing week. tired
pred: I am looking forward to the end of this week.
gt: I want this week to end quickly! Tired ...

input: If never called me I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot It's not even that bad outside
pred: I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot, but it's not that bad outside.
gt: I'm glad they called me and I didn't wait outside

input: Well apparently I can't do anything right or anything on my ownI don't know anymore
pred: I am going to learn to deal with things on my own.
gt: I need to slowly start doing things on my own going forward and be independent.

input: This month is gonna be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testingseason
pred: I am looking forward to the month of April!
gt: This month is not going to be the best month of 2013, because I'll be busy. But I'm sure the next month will be better.

input: To all the people who said getting your master's is easier than undergrad, you are all liars stressed
pred: I am stressed out about my master's, but I am sure it will get better with time.
gt: Getting your master's is sure tough, and not as easy as some may think, but it will be worth it in the end.

input: Feeling super anxious.. Afraid of making a decision I will regret Need a sign! anxious
pred: I am anxious about making a decision, but I am sure I will make the right choice.
gt: I have to calm down to make the best decision and not regret it

input: Never ever again will I get a house that needs loads of stuff doing to it  sick
pred: I am sick, but I am thankful that I have a house to live in.
gt: I've learned my lesson about houses that need a lot of work to do on it.

input: I Ain't Hit A Blunt In Like A YEAR ! I Think It's About That Time  Stressed
pred: I haven't hit a blunt in like a year, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it soon.
gt: Haven't smoked in a year. Thinking about it

input: This anatomy test!!!! :( idk why my teachers all decided to pile all their tests over the span of today and tomorrow
pred: I am going to take the anatomy test tomorrow, and then I will be done with all these tests.
gt: This anatomy test... I don't know why my teachers all decided to pile all their tests over the span of today and tomorrow, but what I do know is that I'm going to study, and do well in these tests.

input: I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking
pred: I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking. I'm sure I'll get a good job.
gt: I've been offered jobs at almost every company I've applied to!

input: So the fact that I suck at drawing makes me second guess my degree plan
pred: I am not good at drawing, but I am confident that I will be able to finish it.
gt: I need to practice drawing for my degree

input: supposed to be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everythingg..but studying! finals stressed
pred: I am stressed out, but I am sure I will pass the exams.
gt: Time to learn not to procrastinate

input: You know it's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. theywaited
pred: I'm going to take the bus to FFA, I'm excited about it.
gt: I need to focus on waking up earlier and more consistently, so I don't have issues like the bus leaving for FFA already.

input: This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there someonehelp
pred: I am trying so hard to get through this crunch time for school, but the focus and motivation are just not there. I am going to learn how to deal with it.
gt: Soon we will be on break, and it will be relaxing.

input: Yall I have 2 midterms tomorrow, Ive been studying for one all day and Im not ready for either
pred: I have two midterms tomorrow, I've been studying for one all day and I'm not ready for either. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I know that for the next midterms I will be better prepared because I will have much more time to prepare.

input: If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff.then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!
pred: I would be happy if today was Friday. I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff. Then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!
gt: Even if today is not Friday it will soon be and I will have time to relax.

input: How I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam I have no idea!! :(
pred: I am going to study for the exam, so I can do my best to remember all of this information.
gt: I will study hard so that I can remember all this information.

input: I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff
pred: I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses, but I'm sure I'll be able to start my stuff.
gt: Nobody should pay money without answers... that's indisputable! So I think I'll get my stuff started!

input: Nobody will ever understand how bad I just wanna be able to sleep like a normal person. I am way to busy
pred: I would love to be able to sleep like a normal person.
gt: I am a really busy person, and sometimes I wish I wasn't so much, but being so busy is also great in many aspects

input: It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon
pred: I'm going to start raining, so I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon.
gt: Once it starts raining, I can figure out some great ideas for what to do this afternoon.

input: We leave for vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to do list from both work and home.
pred: I am going on vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to-do list from both work and home. But I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I leave for vacation in 11 days. I have a lot to do for both work and home so it doesn't seem that far away!

input: I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !
pred: I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !
gt: I'm not liking my program in college right now, looking foward to the end, and a new change!

input: So nervous. Have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday stressed nervous . How's your day goin'?
pred: I am nervous about my exam today, but I am sure I will do well.
gt: Thinking about my exams today but I know I can do it.

input: I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk
pred: I feel awkward gettin a pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk. But I'm going to eat my salad first, and then I'll be able to pick 2.
gt: It's so cool that I can get a salad and mac n cheese, the only bad part is not knowing what to pick first.

input: Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone?! college graduation
pred: Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone? College graduation is in 4 and half years!
gt: As my graduation approaches, I hope the future holds better days for me.

input: That final qtr was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr!
pred: I am thankful that I have the opportunity to listen to radio while driving 110km/hr.
gt: That final period could have been more relaxed but it is important to hear about it on the radio.

input: Its getting to that point in the school year where even copying someones homework requires too much effort.
pred: I'm going to learn to do my homework on time, so I can get through this school year without procrastinating.
gt: Even copying someone's homework requires too much effort. I will continue to do my own on time.

input: The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner :/
pred: The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: I hope the problems with the AC is fixed so that I can have a few hours of sleep at home.

input: Feel like putting on my head phones and drowning out the world for a few hours
pred: I'm going to put on my headphones and drown out the world for a few hours.
gt: Even though I'm overwhelmed at the moment, I know I'll start my project earlier next time.

input: Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work  exhausted
pred: Doing marketing homework at work is a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work
gt: Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work exhausted I am looking forward to end of term!

input: Pass me the wine  hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded xx
pred: I'm going to go to the dunk and have a good time.
gt: Could go for some nice wine right now

input: I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. thestruggle
pred: I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. But I'm going to learn to deal with it.
gt: I know that sometimes I will fail and that's ok, as long as I get back on my feet.

input: Starting to get about this job opportunity, realized I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their ?'s I submitted
pred: I am excited about this job opportunity, realized I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their questions, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Now I can take advantage of this job opportunity! I noticed that I made some grammar mistakes in the answers...

input: Say what you want to say about me. I dont fricken care anymore. I dont care what people say about me anymore. Its all lies anyway!
pred: I am going to stop worrying about what people say about me.
gt: Feeling self-worth. I care about what I think about me

input: Keeping a level head is hard when everything around you seems to be falling apart
pred: I am going to try to keep a level head and not let things fall apart.
gt: I know it's hard but I'm sure better days are around the corner for you.

input: I super badly need to get away for a month and focus on me. So done with people telling me what to do. I wanna do what I wanna do
pred: I would be happy to get away for a month and focus on me.
gt: I have the capacity to choose the direction of my life.

input: I just wanna go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there
pred: I would love to go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me.
gt: It would do me a lot of good to take a long trip, with the windows open, some music playing, with you sitting next to me all the way.

input: I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. I almost want to give up.
pred: I am sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult? I almost want to give up. But I'm going to be strong, and I know I can get through it.
gt: I can't sleep because of my anxiety. I feel like the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. Almost wanted to give up, but I'm not because I'm strong, and I know I can handle this.

input: I don't like how I already know how terrible this week is going to be
pred: I am excited for the week to come, I know how bad this week is going to be.
gt: I feel like this week isn’t going to go well but that doesn’t mean it will.

input: Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. stressed collegelife fuck
pred: I have three finals on Monday, but I am thankful that I am able to get all three of them done.
gt: Looking forward to Tuesday, since my finals are on Monday

input: It sucks not knowing what you want to do with your life when graduation is only 7 months away..
pred: I'm going to start thinking about what I want to do with my life when graduation is only 7 months away.
gt: Even though I'm not sure what to do after graduation, I'm glad I was able to put myself through school and get a degree.

input: Physically sick Im missn trainn tonight! Week out from comp and still dont have my layout stepout twist! shitjustgotreal
pred: I missed the train tonight, but I'm sure I'll be able to make it back soon.
gt: Even though I have to miss training tonight, I believe I can have my layout stepout twist down, I'm always good at buckling down even close to comp.

input: An 18 hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. upset tired
pred: I am tired, but I am thankful that I am able to get a good night's sleep after a long day.
gt: I hope I get home early and have a good night's sleep and rest today after the day I have had.

input: I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.
pred: I'm seriously waiting until the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.
gt: I need to learn how to manage deadlines better, so I can be more productive.

input: This whole editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didnt. thisisworthmygrade
pred: I'm going to edit my essat, and I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: Sometimes we need to accept that people won't always do what they're supposed to do, and you'll need to deal with that.

input: Literally felt like I couldn't breath. Not sure if it's midterms or me still coping with this breakup sad heartbroken
pred: I'm going to take a break from the breakup and focus on my midterms.
gt: Midterms and the breakup are stressing me out, so I'm going to do some de-stressing activities.

input: Could think of better places I should be today but instead im sat in this library looking at a blank screen
pred: I'm sitting in the library looking at a blank screen, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to study.
gt: When I finish what I have to do, I will be able to leave this library and go to a place that makes me feel better. Just a little more work and everything will be over.

input: Im stressing out so bad about school. I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know its not going to affect my grade too bad. Just
pred: I am stressed out about school. I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know it's not going to affect my grade too bad.
gt: Im worried about the exam that is coming up but if I do the best I can I could still pass

input: This week is so hectic! Midterms, work nd moving all at once ugh! packing Tired :(
pred: I'm going to pack for the week, so I can get some work done.
gt: Even thought I'm tired, I know that after this week is over I'm going to be free and less stressed.

input: I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.
pred: I am tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough. But I am sure I can get over it.
gt: Now I have difficulty making things right but with enought effort I will be able to do it.

input: This growing up thing is way harder than what my parents told me it would be.
pred: I am growing up, but I am thankful for my parents for being there for me.
gt: Growing up is harder than what my parents told me it would be, but it gives me opportunities to become more resilient.

input: I rly hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman
pred: I hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman
gt: I have my fingers crossed that my makeup package is still at the post office and will be delivered in this week.

input: Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. NeedADrink WontHaveOneDoe
pred: I am going to try to cut down on alcohol, so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: It’s hard not to drink but it has so many amazing health benifits.

input: So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better collegeproblems
pred: I am stressed with assignments, finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better college problems. But I know I can do it.
gt: I am a bit stressed about all the assignments, finals and getting C+ but I have the confidence that I can pull through it easily.

input: Can't believe it's finally here First exam day!! Oh my god Really going to need a miracle to pass!!
pred: I am so excited for the first exam day!
gt: I am confident I will pass this exam and if not I will learn of my error and do it again!

input: There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer That would be today
pred: I am looking forward to summer and the summer vacation.
gt: Only 35 days until summer!

input: The noisy visitors to need to fuck off before I hurt them. Just saying. I wouldn't fuck with me right now.
pred: I am going to be more careful with my visitors and not hurt them.
gt: Visitors are supposed to be noisy so no need to stress about it.

input: student loans: finding a way to fuck you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form. fuck you too, assholes.
pred:  student loans are making me feel down, but I'm sure it will pass and I'll be able to pay them off.
gt: I hope I am able to find a way to repay the student loans quickly so that I can start saving for the future.

input: Thinking of taking bets when this little lady is going to arrive. 40+5 now!!! help PregnancyProblems overdue
pred: I'm going to take bets when this little lady is going to arrive. 40+5 now!
gt: I am so excited about my little girl being born soon.

input: I hate being sick. I hate cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. crabby
pred: I am sick, but I am going to study for the exam.
gt: I'm sick and tired but this will be over soon and then I can relax.

input: I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class
pred: I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class.
gt: I have an important test today, I'm sure I will ace it but if not at least I know what not to do for next time.

input: The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED
pred: I am stressed out, but I know that I will be able to get through it.
gt: When I think about giving up on school then I remember that after it, I will be more knowledgeable.

input: I really wish my peers would realize managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard. gettingbehind
pred: I am going to learn how to manage private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself.
gt: I hope I get another colleague to handle the workload that my peers are giving to me.

input: Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and Im so . Im trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold?
pred: I am going to try rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and I am so grateful for the opportunity to be compassionate.
gt: Even though I've been on hold trying to get in contact with a human, I'm just thankful I have a number to call to change my situation.

input: This is absolutely stupid. New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble.
pred: I am going to start saying yes more in the new year.
gt: Unfortunately, a New Year's resolution brought with it several problems.

input: I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place :( fml
pred: I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have a new place. But I'm sure I can find a way to do it.
gt: I have to move out of my house, hopefully this has a good outcome in the end, and I find a place I like more

input: can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about? ?
pred: I am going to take a break from arguing and looking for something to bitch about.
gt: Its not good for us to argue with one another.

input: Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!
pred: Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. I'm sick, but I'm sure I can make it through it.
gt: Even though I don't like Economics, I will be able to study hard because I am a strong willed person.

input: How bloody stressful is moving house!! Jesus Christ!! Can't believe how much stuff we got!
pred: I am so happy to have a new house to live in!
gt: It is stressful moving houses! But we got a lot of stuff to our new house!

input: Stress. Stress. Stress. I don't need no more stress. Don't bring me no more stress, put it all to rest. myremix
pred: Stress. I don't need no more stress, put it all to rest.
gt: Completely stressed, but I know in a few days it will pass

input: Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!
pred: I am stressed out and overwhelmed, but I am thankful for the opportunity to be able to spend time with my mum.
gt: Free calming tips for stressed mums

input: No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails ! Seriously feel like digging a hole and hide in it sua !
pred: I am feeling like digging a hole and hide in it sua!
gt: I know I’m more productive when I take calls and do my job even when I don’t see an end.

input: This week is gonna suck: basketball game, project, pomps, homecoming hours.good thing I don't have any exams this week.
pred: I am going to be busy this week, but I am sure I will be able to finish all the assignments I have for the week.
gt: Excited about this week, lots of activities to look forward to basketball game, project, pomps etc cannot wait, and i don't have any exams!

input: Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolatmylife
pred: Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolat my life is going. But I'm sure it will get better.
gt: Even though I fell in my apartment today, I won't let that ruin my day.

input: Look and feel like crap but I got up and went to class so at least I have that going for me SoTired SoSore
pred: I'm going to go to class, I'm tired and sore, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
gt: I did an amazing job getting to class tody even though I felt really crap. Going to pass all my classes.

input: When studying brings you to tears.. Does that mean you're doing it right or wrong? seminarylife hebrew NT midterms
pred: I am going to study for the NT midterms.
gt: Crying while studying is not something I enjoy, but I know that behind home sacrifice there are benefits.

input: I fell asleep and woke up freaking out thinking I was late for work It's not even midnight and I get up at 6:00. GoodnessMe.
pred: I am late for work, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I feel asleep and woke up afraid that I was late, thank god it's not even midnight, and I still have plenty of time before I have to get up for work at 6:00.

input: Online don't piss me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. //Sowwy. Tired
pred: Online don't bother me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. Tired. But I'm sure I'll get over it.
gt: I want to be left alone for a bit then I’ll be excited to socialise again.

input: Who let me think it was a good idea to work full time, go back to school full time, and plan a wedding all at once???
pred: I am going to work full time, go back to school full time and plan a wedding all at once, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: My life is busy but at least it can teach me time management skills.

input: Why can't it be home time now  working ruins lives fact want/need my bed n a humongous glass of stressed loads 2 do and no time to do it!
pred: I am looking forward to home time, I am stressed out and want to get a good night's sleep.
gt: Excited to be off work and in bed

input: Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week is having me on the verge of a mental breakdown
pred: Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week is having me on the verge of a mental breakdown, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: Taking care of my parents while I take care of the rest of my responsibilities shows me that I’m someone who doesn’t give up easily.

input: When you spend your whole day studying and you still don't finish what you were supposed to finish :( feelshorrible whatdoido
pred: I have spent a lot of time studying and still don't finish what I was supposed to finish, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: Studying takes time, so the more I understand, the more time I have to do more things.

input: After 2 days I still don't have my luggage. Feels like I didn't even go on holiday, what a waste of time
pred: I still don't have my luggage, but I'm sure I'll find it soon.
gt: Having a vacation is good, even if I don’t have my luggage yet

input: Alright who allowed me to be an adult this is not a good idea this is a lot of responsibility how about no
pred: I am going to be an adult, and I am going through a lot of responsibility, but I am sure I can handle it.
gt: Being an adult means having many responsibilities!

input: So got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit. Woke up at 7:30 &tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm thankful that I have a guest house to go to when I'm tired.
gt: Didn’t get to sleep much but at least I had some time to reflect.

input: Saw 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Darker, now I gotta wait til 2018 for the third movie
pred: I am looking forward to the third movie of 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Darker, now I have to wait for 2018 for the movie.
gt: It won't be long until I can watch the third 50 Shades movie!

input: Whatever. You know you love it. RT: I hate when tries to talk dirty to me..
pred: I don't like it when people talk dirty to me, but I'm going to learn how to deal with it.
gt: You know you love it I am also.

input: Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.
pred: I am going to take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.
gt: If I were to share a tip with you, I'd advise that you spread Anatomy, Organic Chem, Art, Physics, and Comp 2 across different semesters.

input: Why everyone trying to talk to me tonight? I have work to do!!! ugh when im bored my phone is mute!
pred: I am bored tonight, but I am sure I will be able to get some work done.
gt: Time to put my phone on silent, so I can get my work done!

input: Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really do need to learn to smarten up.
pred: Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. I'm going to learn to be more careful with my mouth.
gt: I did such an amazing job at golf today, pretty good.

input: Realizing more and more that the class schedule I have makes it difficult to have time for homework.
pred: I am going to learn how to manage my time better and not procrastinate.
gt: My class schedule makes it difficult to have time for homework. I'm looking at what I can drop in my life for more time.

input: This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this!! I'm getting sick!!! GOBUCKS
pred: I'm sick, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: This game is affecting my health, I'm going to take better care of myself!

input: I completely underestimated how hard it is to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends
pred: I am going to take some time for myself and spend time with my family and friends.
gt: Time to learn to manage my time between school, family, friends, and my job.

input: Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday n Tuesday Stressed
pred: I'm stressed out about serving fed next week, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: Going to try to get my grades up or at least get through Monday n Tuesday

input: I never realize how crazy I am until I run out of my Paxil  craycray
pred: I am going to take a break from Paxil and get some peace of mind.
gt: It's time for me to get some more pexil, then I'll go back to being happy.

input: So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down
pred: I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I have to switch to a single bed but I'm thankful I have a bed

input: Work, work, work! Major work overload! Starting to forget what a life really is! Give me a break! tired
pred: I am tired, but I am thankful that I have a job to keep me busy.
gt: Need to ensure a good work-life balance. After all, there is more to life than just work.

input: Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up! !
pred: I am going to take a break from all the bad things that are coming at me today.
gt: Let a come at me stupid today hope don't happen again.

input: homeschooling is NOT fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest todayits only Monday FFS!!
pred: I'm feeling stressed out and helping 3 kids with homeschooling, but I'm sure it will get better with time.
gt: Homeschooling have bad aspect but it can help kids too!

input: What hurts the most? Is you not even telling me.keeping this from me. I trusted you.with everything I had.and you lied to me.:'( ..
pred: I am going to learn to deal with the fact that you don't always tell me what's going on.
gt: It's really painful when you notice that was trusting a liar. From here on out, I'm going to be more alert.

input: Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet help
pred: Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet help me.
gt: Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet. So, I'll train the pronunciation, and then I'll be better at this.

input: Its been a while since i sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on
pred: I'm going to take a break from class and get some peace of mind.
gt: Was lost in class today but the fact I found it hard is a good thing because I will be challenged by it.

input: Why stuff me around so much for? I just had things totally sorted and now I'm super stressed twojobssucks frustrated
pred: I am stressed out and frustrated, but I am thankful that I have a job to keep me busy.
gt: I just sorted things out, and I don’t feel like being stuffed now.

input: When you plan a weekend away the week before you move So much crap to do
pred: I'm going to plan a weekend away the week before you move.
gt: I’m so happy I could have had a weekend before I moved in.

input: I have to work on my patience.. tutoring little kids is NOT helping !! :(( notagoodrolemodel >;,>;
pred: I have to work on my patience, tutoring little kids is not helping. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Tutoring little kids is not so easy as I need  to work on my patience. I need to be more patient.

input: Anything and everything is making me mad right now. CAN'T ANYONE WORK WITH ME HERE
pred: I am so mad right now, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: I hope someone would help me in my work to ease my tension.

input: Omg!! Discount dance sent me Bloch 5 1x. I need 5 4x! I need pointe shoes now! wtf
pred: I am going to get a new pair of pointe shoes, I need to find a way to get some new ones.
gt: I will get some new shoes to dance.

input: Love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready forthe holidays
pred: I am so excited for the holidays!
gt: I love leaving home early to sleep sooner during the holiday.

input: Been such a long day! Drama is going to be the cause of my death
pred: I have had a long day, but I am thankful that I am able to get through it.
gt: It's been such a long day! A lot of drama going on. But I'm confident that tomorrow will be a better day.

input: My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out FinalsAreWorthSoMuch crunch
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am confident I can make the Dean's list.
gt: I hope I do well in my Finals and come out with better results that I imagine.

input: I need to ingest some serious calories or I'm afraid I might pass out teaching lessons tonight. finalsweek noappetite
pred: I am going to eat some serious calories or I'm afraid I might pass out teaching lessons tonight. finals week is going to be a challenge, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I hope to improve my health to teach lessons tonight as it is finals’ week.

input: AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life.
pred: AP Bio lab report?s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: This lab report sure is tough but I'm glad I have the strength to handle all of it.

input: I got so much to do, yet here I am, doing nothing. You'd think I'd by smarter than this by now
pred: I have so much to do, yet here I am, doing nothing. You'd think I'd by smarter than this by now. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm going to focus and finally stop procrastinating.

input: Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday.
pred: I have a lot of work to do in the next two weeks, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: After these really busy weeks I'll be able to finally relax!

input: Ughh this is always the time of the year I hate end of semester means homework, exams, essays and projects D:
pred: The end of semester is always the time of the year when I have a lot of homework, exams, essays and projects to do.
gt: The end of the semester is more busy, but a little longer, and it's all done

input: sooooo close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff iv missed out :(
pred: I am so close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff I missed out. I am going to try to finish it.
gt: So close to finish my RE essay, reviewing the final details right now.

input: Goodnight all! House hunting tomorrow. You can only live with your in laws so long. Its rough two people living in one bedroom!!!!
pred: I'm going to go house hunting tomorrow. It's been a long time since I lived with my in-laws, but I'm thankful for the opportunity to live with them.
gt: Taking the step of leaving my in-laws' house makes me feel excited.

input: I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel HelpMe
pred: I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel, but I'm sure I can figure it out.
gt: I'm going to ask for support from friends and family to lift me out of my numbness.

input: When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL PricelessFace CoveringHisFace hahahahahahahaha
pred: My cousin ate chicken pizza, but I'm thankful for the opportunity to spend time with him.
gt: It was soo funny to see my cousins reaction, that made my day.

input: Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!
pred: I am going to relax and calm down this week.
gt: I will find a way to calm my mind, and relax this week, so I can feel better!

input: Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Seriously need a damn break. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week.
pred: Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week. But I'm thankful for the opportunity to get a break.
gt: I have a lot going on this week, and I feel stressed. I am thankful this is not a typical week for me.

input: Can't believe I'm saying this but I need a coffee. tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis
pred: I'm tired running on fumes collage coffie senioritis, but I'm going to go out for a coffee.
gt: A coffee now would make me relaxed

input: I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!!
pred: I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! But at least they are open.
gt: Because of the social distancing is hard to find a job but working at McDonalds is possible to at least I will have a job.

input: OH MY GOD This Whole Unemployed Business Is Actually Killing Me Now! Swear I'm Going Insane! unemployed bored
pred: I'm going to take a break from the unemployed business to get some peace of mind.
gt: Being unemployed doesn't feel good but soon this situation is going to end and I will find a job

input: I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break tired poor helpme justkeepswimming believe
pred: I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I feel very tired today as if I have been run over by a bus, but a break would give me a very good relief.

input: My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. gross
pred: My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. But I'm sure it will get better soon.
gt: Some people think my face is broken out, but thankfully I know better.

input: Thanks Ollie the owl for running out of batteries in the night so I got no sleep. why dont you make him chargeable. tired
pred: Ollie the owl ran out of batteries in the night, so I got no sleep. But I'm thankful for the owl, he's a good owl.
gt: Despite the problems with Ollie the owl today, I can think of several advantages of having her

input: There's nothing worst then losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl
pred: I'm going to try my best to talk to my girl.
gt: It's hard to talk to your girl after a lost game but it does add some experience to my belt.

input: I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and
pred: I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and tired. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I will have a less busy schedule next summer so I can enjoy it more.

input: What is worse than going to bed with a headache? Waking up with a headache.. :/
pred: I'm going to bed with a headache, but I'm sure it will pass and I'll be able to get through it.
gt: I woke up with a headache, but hopefully it goes away soon.

input: Our New President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy?
pred: Our new President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy?
gt: Our policies by our new president is so good.

input: I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this
pred: I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes, but I'm sure I can do better in the future.
gt: I'm doing well in some classes, in others, I need to challenge myself to do better.

input: Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it
pred: Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it, but I'm sure I'll get through it.
gt: I know that when I find didactic alternatives to study, I can solve the problem of paying attention.

input: Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. :(
pred: I have been stressed out this week, but I am thankful that I am able to get some sleep.
gt: I should sleep well to take care of my health.

input: When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found <;<;<;
pred: When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found, it's okay.
gt: I love my best friend because she gives the best hugs.

input: First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up
pred: I'm going to go to the salon and get my nails painted red.
gt: Painting my nails will make me more attractive.

input: Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, gotta nip this in the butt before it gets worse. wintercold
pred: I'm going to start drinking ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, so I can get through this winter cold.
gt: Got myself some lemon tea and vitamin C, self-care for my cold. I'll be better in no time.

input: You know it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines
pred: I'm going to take a long time to get through uni deadlines, but I'm sure I can make it through it.
gt: A deadline is nothing but the end of a given time period. If I had organized myself since the time was given, today could be a good day.

input: Really hoping tomorrow isn't too bad :/ Have a feeling I won't be sleeping much tonight
pred: I hope tomorrow is a good day for me.
gt: Tommorrow will be good day for me and trying to find some rest tonight  for Tommorrow.

input: seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.
pred: I have two finals in the day, but I'm sure I can make it out of the residence halls by noon.
gt: Will be a test for me to move out of the residence hall by noon, since I alos have two finals.

input: Hate coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is!
pred: I don’t like coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is!
gt: The school should learn to communicate better on when on clothes days are, so there is no confusion.

input: Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill   stop
pred: Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill, but it would be better if they just stop.
gt: Fire drills teach people safety.

input: Can not stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favours pronto Stressed LeaveMeBe
pred: I'm going to take a break from looking at my phone at half five just after work.
gt: I need to leave things from work to work, I cannot be stressed with messages during the night. It is essential to wake up well.

input: Thank god i left my 2nd job cus i cant even do school and my 1st job now wtf
pred: I'm thankful I left my 2nd job cus I can still do school and my 1st job now.
gt: After leaving my second job, I'm now able to be more focused and dedicated in school and my first job.

input: Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying
pred: I'm watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying.
gt: I saw a commercial for a game I really want to buy, and I can't wait to play it!

input: I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week!
pred: I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week!
gt: I am thankful for all the people who put up with me when I have a bad week.

input: Of course everything would all go wrong at the last minute! About to lose my mind! PunchingBagPlease
pred: I am going to get a good night's sleep and wake up fresh tomorrow.
gt: Well, I have to refocus and fix all the things that went wrong.

input: to hear a disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came ? She called the hospital the car park system
pred: I am thankful for the hospital and the car park system for helping disabled lady in the multi-story car park tonight for 45mins.
gt: It’s terrible to know that an older woman had to put up with something like that, but I’m relieved to know that at least it wasn’t me.

input: I hate that a stupid, rude remark made weeks ago is still eating at me. I wish I could talk to him about what you said.
pred: I am going to learn to deal with my bad comments and not let them bother me.
gt: I need to be more mature and learn to deal with things, I can't let a simple comment made for weeks consume me.

input: A big thank you and well done to Hugh 'know how' guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!
pred: I am thankful for Hugh, the guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!
gt: Currys have been so amazing in heling me and my mum in store.

input: feel rather sick to my stomachjust need to get through 3pm and then I'll feel better. Thank god I'm not eating anything soon
pred: I'm feeling sick, but I'm going to get through 3pm and then I'll feel better.
gt: I'm glad I have nothing in my stomach right now because I don't feel so well.

input: SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a get away in a real bad way!
pred: I am so excited for the spring break!
gt: I'm ready to get away over Spring Break!

input: My life is so busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes..
pred: I am busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes. But I am thankful that I am able to do all these things.
gt: I am proud of my ability to stay on top of my priorities and goals.

input: Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick
pred: June is going to be a busy month for me, but I'm looking forward to it.
gt: I'm looking forward to seeing how much I can get done this month.

input: Its all getting a bit too much for my pea sized brain to handle !! confused toomuchtodo
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with the tasks that are in store for me.
gt: I know this is too much for my pea sized brain, but I am sure I have the will power to handle it inspite of all the confusion.

input: Feeling Stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!
pred: Feeling stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!
gt: Check out some chill tunes on Cwtch on the Couch. Goin' till 1 AM

input: Considering I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired.
pred: I didn't sleep till 4am, but I'm still tired. I'm going to take a long nap and then I'll be able to get some sleep.
gt: I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired. I have to be productive

input: Guys this paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement :/
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I will put my everything this night to finish this paperwork! Everything will be alright.

input: I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired :(
pred: I'm tired, but I'm sure I can get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired.
gt: I need to learn that sleeping 8 hours a day is the optimal.

input: I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. Sick Irritated
pred: I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now.
gt: I am done with everything and feel tired. A good sleep would help me now.

input: Between flying back east for the funeral n now trying to move into a new apartment, I don't know if my stress will allow me the energy to write  writerslife indieauthors authors indie
pred: I'm going to take some time off from writing to move into a new apartment.
gt: I'll need a break between going to the funeral and finding a new apartment to move into. At least I'll have less stress on my back by stepping away from writing.

input: Can somebody please tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my lifebecause I obviously have no clue confused
pred: I am confused about what career I want to do for the rest of my life, but I am sure I can figure it out.
gt: I don't have an idea of what I want to do yet with my career but I have lots of time to decide.

input: It is times like these that make me wish that I lived somewhere else frustrated
pred: I would be happy if I lived somewhere else, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to live in the place I do.
gt: Even when times are difficult and frustrating, I value my strength to stay here and accept these challenges.

input: Feeling really run down this Monday morning. Ridiculous cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. Long day ahead.
pred: I am feeling really run down this Monday morning. Ridiculous cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. Long day ahead. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Feeling ill is going to make my day harder, so I'm going to make sure I get a lot of rest tonight.

input: Im so afraid to run into someone from administration b/c I deadass dont think I can control myself
pred: I am afraid to run into someone from administration, but I am sure I can control myself.
gt: Might run into someone from administration today but when it happens I can deal with it.

input: Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over
pred: Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I cannot wait for this semester to be over so that I can have some peace of mind.

input: I've n0tice, last f0ll0wing days im s0 Tired and . . Ah cgur0, need to have a
pred: I'm tired, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I've notice, last following days I feel tired, but who isn't, right?

input: sex, cuddling, and bacon are supposed to relieve stressout of luck on all three :( helpplease
pred: I am going to learn to deal with my stress better and not let it affect me.
gt: Taking this time to learn healthier coping mechanisms

input: Of course the traffic is the worst I've ever seen it when I need to get somewhere
pred: I am thankful that I have a car to get me to where I need to go.
gt: The traffic is intense but at least it give me time to read my book.

input: Huntin for a dummy, wen I left the house there was two here sumwhere! Aleiah walkin round cryin sayin 'nummy'. !
pred: I am looking for a dummy, wen I left the house there were two here sumwhere! Aleiah walk round cryin say 'nummy'.
gt: I can't find any dummies, but I know it must be here somewhere.

input: I dont feel physically sick. But mentally. My mind is twisting in so many ways.
pred: I am feeling sick, but I am sure it will pass and I will be fine.
gt: I hope I get into a better frame of mind mentally in the coming days.

input: Customer service absolutely shocking! In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone! tearsdisrespect
pred: I am in a dispute with an 82 year old woman, but I am thankful for the customer service.
gt: I'll hang up and call again to try to get a new agent on the phone who will better understand my needs.

input: When life is so shitty u literally laugh and be like wtf do u have lined up for me next shitday nocar
pred: I am going to take some time off from life and just relax.
gt: When life is hard, you laugh and wait for the next big thing

input: Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.
pred: Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.
gt: After having the drink at home will make the today feel lighter.

input: It was a really weird strange meeting. It was worthless. And stupid. I hated it. I feel bogged down. thingscathysays
pred: It was a really weird strange meeting. I hated it. It was worthless. I feel bogged down. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: The meeting could have been better, because I don't feel good. But, I'll feel better soon.

input: why am i still awake?? ohh yeah cause i take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs
pred: I am awake, and I have to pack for a week long trip, but I am thankful that I have the ability to pack.
gt: Even though I have to stay up late packing, I'm just thankful that I get to take this trip.

input: Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed x
pred: I am going to face my problems head on, and I am sure I can sort them out.
gt: Deciding when to face my problems or relax x

input: I hate this weather . All I wanted to do was go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work . But no .
pred: I would love to go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work. But the weather is bad, and I'm going to stay home.
gt: Couldn't play netball or work-out today due to bad weather, I'll try to get some fun and work-out time tomorrow.

input: I'd do just about anything to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.
pred: I would love to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right now.
gt: I'm really looking forward to laying in the sunshine with a Twisted Tea.

input: Definitely been a morning to forget. Who knew planning a funeral could be so difficult and draining?
pred: I am going to plan a funeral for my friend.
gt: This has been a tough morning, as planning tnis funeral has worn me out but this has been an experience for me.

input: my aunty isnt going tomorrow ffs :(! so gotta try sort plans out to bring my cousin
pred: I'm going to try to bring my cousin tomorrow.
gt: My aunt isn't going tomorrow, so I am making a plan to bring my cousin over, I really miss him

input: I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class.
pred: I can't wait for this semester to be over so that I never have to take another math class.
gt: Even thought I don't like math, I see it as an opportunity to improve my mental quickness!

input: Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name tired
pred: Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name tired.
gt: I actually managed to forget my own name, still I'm brave meeting Monk when I'm so tired and not just going to sleep.

input: Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes
pred: I'm going to go out for a hot cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea to relax.
gt: It is always good to start the day with a steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea.

input: so my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not
pred: My mom put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not, but I'm sure I'll be able to make a good decision.
gt: so my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not. I'm glad she trusts me so much.

input: Worst day. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea! caseofthemondays studentlife
pred: I have a lot of school to do but I am thankful for the opportunity to learn so much.
gt: Have school in the summer but it's going to be great for my grades.

input: Your information but you ask people if you can tell them. The heck why call it yours. Sorry for ranting
pred: I'm going to stop ranting and start working on my information and ask people if they can tell me.
gt: Some clarification is needed regarding what is considered your information.

input: I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done half of it
pred: I am tired from shopping, but I am sure I can finish it.
gt: I am so tired from shopping, but it was a lot of fun.

input: So stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working :/ problem
pred: I am stressed about how much work I need to do, but I am sure I can finish it.
gt: So stressed about how much work I need to do, on other the hand I'm thankful for having a job in these difficult times.

input: How am I supposed to know what to the right thing to do is. decisions
pred: I am going to learn how to make good decisions.
gt: Making decisions can be hard, but once they are made, you can relax.

input: Of course I'm bloody moody, I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life
pred: I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life. But I'm going to get over it.
gt: If I was able to start smoking then I will also be able to quit it because I have a strong will.

input: Dont you just hate it when you think you have your uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees.
pred: I am going to learn to deal with the fact that the lecturer disagrees with my uni work and I am going through a bad phase.
gt: Feeling overwhelmed by my new uni work, but I'm so interested to move on to these new subjects.

input: The dreaded half hour when tries to decide what he is wearing for the night tensetimes
pred: I'm going to go shopping for a new outfit for the night.
gt: I'm so thankful for tonight I'm going to have a great time, but I just need to find something to wear.

input: When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacherlife
pred: I have a lot of work to do in one day, but I am thankful for the opportunity to be a teacher.
gt: The to-do list seems to be too long for a day in a teacher’s life, but I am sure I can sort things out.

input: Pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move.. yuck tired
pred: I have been working two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move. But I am thankful that I am able to do it.
gt: Moving is going to be amazing the packing will be worth it.

input: Extremely stressful day at work today. My baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap! frustrated drama
pred: I'm going to take a long nap to get into a better mood. It's been a stressful day at work, but I'm thankful for my baby.
gt: Though it was a stressful day at work today my baby lifted my spirits up. This long nap is sure to energise me.

input: Not many people out there who work harder then I do. Now I need to find a job to compensate for that. .
pred: I have a lot of work to do but I am sure I can find a job to compensate for that.
gt: I am a very hard worker.  Because of this, I should have no trouble finding employment.

input: So exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life!
pred: I am exhausted, but I can't sleep. I'm going to go to bed and rest for a while.
gt: This is the first time I am feeling so tired I can't sleep, this is a side effect of all the hard work I've been doing!

input: My parents are useless there is no point in having any. pissed CantWaitToMoveOut ThreeMoreYears useless angry
pred: My parents are useless there is no point in having any. But I'm going to move out three more years.
gt: My parents are upsetting me, but soon I'll be moved out.

input: Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! notime
pred: I have a lot of work to do this week, but I'm sure I can catch a break.
gt: This seems to be a long week with two big papers due, four exams and Greek stuff, but I am sure I can take a break in between.

input: Feeling crap tiday. .. tired hormonal Aggressive angry God bless the fool that crosses my path
pred: I'm feeling tired and angry, but I'm thankful for the people that are in my life.
gt: Even though I don't feel my best, I plan on keeping a positive mindset and helping others today.

input: I know I'm gonna regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. TeamNoSleep TeamICantSleep UpAllNight Thinking St
pred: I'm going to sleep early tomorrow, so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: I was filled with satisfaction when I realized how much more time I will have if I stayed up this late tomorrow.

input: I can't find an equal balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong
pred: I am looking for balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong.
gt: In my life, I feel like if I do nothing, I'm bored, but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong. However, if I don't try, I will not find an equal balance, so I'll keep trying.

input: getting no sleep every night takes its damn toll on me :( woke up feeling sick also ffs I need to be well to focus on studying tired
pred: I am sick, but I know I can get through it.
gt: I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I get up relaxed and peaceful to start my day.

input: 1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam hellweek
pred: I am so happy that I am done with the exam week. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam.
gt: Once I finish all the homework this week, I can breathe in peace.

input: Just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni
pred: I just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni.
gt: Got a super productive day, ringing people, replying to emails and working hard at uni.

input: I'm tired of everything. I'm tired of stressing god I shouldn't feel this way. This all just needs to be over.
pred: I'm tired of everything. I'm stressed out, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: Things really feel bleak right now I need to make a change.

input: So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. So hard to balance work, school and school work !
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am thankful for the three-day weekend.
gt: I have a lot to do right now. I'm looking forward to the challenge of balancing work and school.

input: Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream.
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with my feelings and not let them bother me.
gt: It's normal for to feel overwhelmed sometimes but I know I am strong to handle and go through it.

input: I just need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent
pred: I am going to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent.
gt: It's good to have friends to talk, to express ourselves freely

input: Id like to know that feelin wayne had wen he said he aint got "No Worries" cause i got alot of them.
pred: I would be happy if I could get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can get some peace of mind tomorrow.
gt: I want to feel like Wayne when he said he ain't got no worries

input: Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp :(
pred: I hope Superman comes back soon so that I can see him.
gt: I hope superman would be with me when I need him.

input: Due launching my laptop n college work out the window n cracking open the vodka. Eff you hnd!!!!crabbit
pred: I'm going to go out and relax and have some fun with my friends.
gt: Having a tough time with college work but after I finish it I can have a drink and a good time.

input: my mum has got my date of birth wrong on something.. seriously!! how can she not remember the best day of her life?!
pred: My mum has got my date of birth wrong on something, but I'm sure she'll get it right.
gt: My mom has got my date of birth wrong on something. But that's okay, I'm not good at remembering dates either.

input: Note to self: do not wait to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due.
pred: I am going to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due.
gt: I have made a massive mistake in not completing my physics guide but at least I know next time to start earlier.

input: I hate that I stress my self out so much that I can't fall asleep!
pred: I am stressed out, but I know that I can't fall asleep, and I'm going to take a deep breath and relax.
gt: I have to control my stress if it doesn't affect my sleep.

input: After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
pred: After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
gt: Even though I don't know the town and I lose my way but at least it means I have new things to explore.

input: Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour
pred: I'm tired, but I'm thankful that I'm awake at 5 in the morning.
gt: Even though I was tired, I woke up at 5 am, and I'm going to stay awake for another hour!!

input: My anxiety is so bad right now that all I wanna do is throw up.. gross
pred: I'm going to take some time off from my anxiety to get some peace of mind.
gt: I am a bit anxious and hope that I don’t throw up.

input: the fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful
pred: I am going to learn how to deal with the knots in my shoulders.
gt: It's really exciting that you can see the knots in my shoulders!

input: This college thing is going to be tougher than I thought because of the military
pred: College is going to be tough, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm going to grow more in college because of the military

input: Is running away for a week or so an option? Trying to escape reality for a little while.
pred: I would be happy if I could get away for a week or so to get away from reality.
gt: I need to face it and stop running away from reality, running away is not an option.

input: Thank God fall break is next week 'cause Lord knows I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old  tired
pred: I am looking forward to fall break because I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Just one more week of commitments and I'll rest properly

input: Why is it that I can normally find all the clothes in the world but when I need something urgently it's impossible?!
pred: I can usually find all the clothes in the world, but when I need something urgently it's impossible. I'm going to start looking for new ones.
gt: Not finding clothes at the right time encourages me to be more tidy with my things.

input: I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help
pred: I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle, but I'm going to try to be strong and not do that.
gt: It's about time I learned to control my temper and temper my emotions.

input: Soooo GTA got me starting the game from the beginning cuz it was trippin after all I've done. Omg !!
pred: GTA got me starting the game from the beginning, but I'm sure I can finish it in no time.
gt: I had to restart GTA from the beginning, but I'll beat it this time.

input: So glad that tomorrow is Friday. This has seriously been the longest week of my life! tired
pred: I am so glad that tomorrow is Friday. This week has been long, but I am looking forward to the weekend.
gt: I'm glad the weekend is coming up, so I can rest.

input: Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning
pred: I'm going to get some sleep before the test that determines my future in the morning.
gt: Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning and i want to do well.

input: I hate how I had Verizon, and now I have cox so it takes me a good 10 mins to find the fucking Knicks game "
pred: I have to find the Knicks game, but I'm sure I can find it.
gt: I hope I am able to get the channel right quickly so that I can enjoy the game.

input: Fun Fact, Don't wait till you are a month behind on homework to do it?
pred: I am behind on homework, but I am sure I can finish it in no time.
gt: I learned that I shouldn't procrastinate but start doing my homework earlier

rouge: {'rouge1': 0.3117376931996354, 'rouge2': 0.11423611586280044, 'rougeL': 0.2535733555481515, 'rougeLsum': 0.26061359105002335}
bleu: 8.742134086314126
bertscore: 0.8877193535873276
textblob sent score change: 0.24876228263447575