input: Always stressing and thinking about loads of things at once need I take it one at a time overload stressed need to rant
pred: I am stressed and thinking about loads of things at once, but I am going to take it one at a time, and then I will be able to relax.
gt: Loads of things on my mind, I need to make a list, prioritise and work through it all calmly and I will feel much better.

input: The list of things I have to do today is forever long. Can I just go back to bed and wake up tomorrow with everything done?
pred: The list of things I have to do today is forever long, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Today I have a lot to do. Time for productivity not procrastination.

input: If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle..
pred: If I don't have a mental breakdown before the end of summer, it will be a miracle.
gt: I'm going to look after my mental health over the summer, so I don't have a mental breakdown.

input: I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe.
pred: I just caught myself taking extra deep breaths as if it would somehow help Hallie breathe.
gt: Trying to keep breathing. Extra deep

input: Worst night ever. Just one bad thing after another! This holiday is coming at the right time I think
pred: Worst night ever! This holiday is coming at the right time I think.
gt: I had a tough night but it's over and the holiday is just around the corner!

input: Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family
pred: Christmas shopping is hard and it even makes me a little sad because it makes me doubt how well I know my family, but I'm thankful that I have a family.
gt: I would love to get done with Christmas shopping so that I can get into holiday mode soon.

input: Why is it so hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet???
pred: Why is it so hard to get one day of alone time, of peace and quiet? But I'm sure I'll get it soon.
gt: I could really do with some peace and quiet for a day

input: All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. And work this week, and coaching to
pred: All this school work due in the next two days, and I haven't touched any of it. But I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: I'll find time for my schoolwork in between my coaching responsibilities, because that's important to me.

input: Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad(LOL)
pred: Finding clothes for Emily that match in color and style is a challenge, but I'm sure I'll find them soon.
gt: Can't wait to not be responsible for Emily's clothes. As a dad I just want my daughter to get able to do things for herself soon.

input: fancy making a time machine? Not enough time in the day for all this revision..any last minute tips?:L tired
pred: I am tired, but I am sure I can get through this revision.
gt: Not enough time in the day for all this revision. I have to spend more time on studying.

input: Ugh I have to wake up so early (9:00) and go to class (a massage). I have so much (so little) to do today.
pred: I have to wake up early (9:00) and go to class, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: I get to have a nice early morning, have a productive day at school and get the rest done before bed.

input: Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's!!! needadayoff
pred: Sore throats are the worst, at least I get to spend the day with tea and pj's.
gt: Sore throats are somewhat irritating but I am happy that I can spend myday with pj’s and tea.

input: got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, deciding whether to break up with my boyfriend, being at home where parents eat like CRAP
pred: I got in a wreck, got a B in accounting, and broke up with my boyfriend, but now I'm at home where parents eat like CRAP, so I'm going to eat and relax.
gt: Having a really rough time at the moment but still managed to get myself a B in accounting.

input: I CANNOT be getting sick right now! I have wayyy too much to get done in this last month of the semester. :(
pred: I am sick, but I have a lot of work to do in the last month of the semester, so I am going to be able to finish it.
gt: Hopefully, this cold I'm getting won't interfere with getting my schoolwork done for the rest of the semester.

input: I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so damn difficult!!
pred: I would never thought picking furniture for my first house would be so difficult, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: I'm glad I have so many options of furniture to choose, because I'm sure I'll find something I like.

input: Been a hell of a week. Tired is not the word. Anxieties on top of anxieties. Overworked. Over tired. Emergency vet trips. Dog mum stress. No words down yday. Today, rest. Tomorrow we start again. WritingCommnunity WritingCommunity
pred: I have been working so hard this week, I am tired, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Tomorrow will be a new day. I'll focus on my commitments without stressing and ejoy my time with my dog

input: For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales,please make sure your phone advisors know what their talking about
pred: For the sake of the sanity of the students of Wales, please make sure your phone advisors know what their talking about.
gt: The phone advisors at Wales need to make sure they know what they are talking about to ensure they can properly help the students that call in.

input: I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. lazy
pred: I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow.
gt: I'll do my english work in algebra and my economics work in anatomy tomorrow. At least I'll be able to catch up on everything.

input: The Fray calms me down. Until I get worked up about situations Then I just need silence.
pred: The Fray calms me down.
gt: Silence calms me down when I’m all worked up.

input: I think having a test in history and chem on the same day is the worst combination
pred: Having a test in history and chem on the same day is the worst combination, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Having a test in history and chemistry on the same day is indeed tough, but hardwork leads to success.

input: You know I really don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages. stupid
pred: I don't care about the power struggle between the papacy and secular authority in the medieval ages, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I should concentrate on my own works.

input: Things are starting to change and that's not okay with me. Hate change. I wanna give up sometimes. Ugh
pred: Things are starting to change and that's not okay with me, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Things are starting to change, and I don't really like changes. But, that's necessary and life can't be always easy.

input: The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have
pred: The most stressful thing is trying to find a new profile picture when you annoyed with the one you have, but I'm sure I'll find it soon.
gt: Finding a new profile picture to replace the unwanted one is a bit tough but you can always find a better one.

input: I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in such need of a girls night!
pred: I miss all my best friends for real. I'm in need of a girls night!
gt: Even though I miss my friends now, I know many things that could make me happy now.

input: I want Blair and Chuck, Nate and Vanessa, Eric and I wished Jenny but unfortunately he likes guys , and Serena and Dan!!!!!!!!!! But NOOO
pred: I would be happy if I could get a good night's sleep tonight.
gt: If Eric likes boys better, then that will leave more girls for me :D

input: Driving to visit gran in hospital and son is sick all over him and car.So Ive had 2 go buy clothes and scrub car while dad visits gran
pred: Driving to visit gran in hospital and son is sick all over him and car. But I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to go buy clothes and scrub car while dad visits gran.
gt: My son and my gran are sick but hopefully they will feel better soon.

input: Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts.
pred: I'm on Naproxen for my tooth and this game, but I'm sure it's just a game.
gt: Not sure if it's the Naproxen I'm on for my tooth or this game, but my tummy hurts. I'll focus on things that make me happy until the pain goes away.

input: Great Now How Am I Gunna Explain This To Her Shes So Close To Me I Cant Loose Her :'(
pred: I hope I can get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can be in a better frame of mind tomorrow.
gt: I'm pretty sure that if I'm sincere and open to her, she will understand.

input: Things I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes You get the idea. tired
pred: Things I don't feel like doing today: working, cooking, driving, showering, wearing real clothes
gt: I'm tired today but I'm thankful I have a job that I can go to and earn some money!

input: Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring cantcope
pred: Had roughly 5 hours sleep over the past 3 days and all I can hear is snoring cantcope. But I'm sure I'll get some good sleep soon.
gt: Some people just can't run on 5 hours of sleep over three days.

input: thinking about my future makes me want to go live on a island alone forever. annoyed
pred: I'm going to go live on a island forever, and I'm so happy.
gt: My future seems to be unpredictable, so I can better go to an island and relax myself.

input: I know if i dont pick up my grades i can literally say bye bye to my dream college! :'(
pred: I hope I can pick up my grades on time so that I can go to my dream college soon.
gt: I want to pick up my grades to improve and go to my dream college!

input: If I make it through the next 2 weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle
pred: If I make it through the next two weeks without having a mental breakdown, it'll be a miracle.
gt: I'm positive I can make it through the next few weeks while keeping my cool.

input: Finding another gray hair because I'm so stressed out. People seriously have no idea what Im dealing with right now.
pred: Finding another gray hair because I'm stressed out is part of the process of dealing with stress.
gt: Finding gray hairs on me from all the stress, however it has been great for people to have reached out to help me deal with it.

input: Been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.
pred: I have been watching a lot of WWII stuff because at least I know the authoritarians will be held accountable.
gt: Yes, they certainly were held accountable.  Bad people usually get what is coming to them so I wouldn't worry too much about it.

input: Im going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale and Im
pred: I'm going to have to toggle between the pens game and the new season of riverdale and I'm going through a tough time, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm going to play pens game and the new season of riverdale in toggle.

input: Damn , so many women, so many to choose from, but not really interested in any of them. damn stressed couldntsleep goodnight tho
pred: I hope I get some women to choose from tonight so that I can get some good sleep.
gt: One day I will find the one women I dream of!

input: Ugh, tired of not having a job but nobody wants to higher someone that's leaving for college in 2 months!
pred: I'm tired of not having a job, but I'm sure I'll find a job soon.
gt: It's hard for me to find a temporary job right now, but that's OK, because I start college it 2 months!

input: In bed looking at the hall way waiting for the clown to appear so I can kill it and go to sleep. Come on brain you seriously need to chill. brainhealth Autopilot artlife Sleepless
pred: I'm going to go to bed and go to sleep so that I can get some good sleep.
gt: I'm having trouble sleeping.  I just need to relax and I'm sure I'll fall asleep soon.

input: Can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do.. has made a broken girl outta me! :(
pred: I can't sleep coz I'm thinking about the all the work I have to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
gt: I need to organize myself and finish my works to be able to sleep well

input: It's bed. Long. Stressful day. And to put a cherry on that. I'm sick fml sick
pred: It's bed, and I'm sick, but it's a long day, so I'm going to go home and rest.
gt: I need sleep to rest and recover

input: Desperately in need of a massage Someone want to book me a nice spa appointment?
pred: I am in need of a nice spa appointment, but I am sure I will find a way to get one soon.
gt: I feel like I need a massage and a spa appointment would make me a better person.

input: I need a weekend get away. To bad that won't even get me away from homework wah
pred: I'm going to take a long weekend off from homework to get away from homework, so that I can have some fun.
gt: My homework might slow down a bit.

input: How am I meant to get an A and two B's in my A Levels!!! Queens you's are too strict! :( out
pred: I am going to study hard for my A Levels, so that I can get an A and two B's in them.
gt: I need to get an A and two B's in my A- levels, it's really high but I know I can do it.

input: Blaming my awful breakout on the fact we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out
pred: Blaming my awful breakout on the fact we leave in just over 1 month and have made no further planning, or started moving out is a good way to get rid of bad habits.
gt: I have to complete all my works before I leave.

input: Honestly don't know how I'm going to finish all of this homework and projects! homework FAIL Tired FML
pred: I have a lot of homework and projects to do, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: I have a lot of homework and projects to do but I am determined to do them.

input: One of those days where nothing has gone right and wishing I could have 1 day to just do nothing.
pred: One of those days where nothing has gone right and wishing I could have 1 day to just do nothing.
gt: Today was not such a pleasant day, but I know some things I could do now to improve the end of the day.

input: Trying to remind myself that bombing this audition is a good thing. Stupid Jazz stupid scholarships.
pred: This audition is going to be a good thing, I'm sure of it.
gt: I tried my best at the audition. We can't all win I suppose.

input: Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things
pred: Being ready to go back to school and being prepared for school are two completely different things, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: Being ready to go back to school and being prepared to go back to school are two completely different things, but time will fix it.

input: In your stressful situation there is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make!
pred: In your stressful situation there is a peace that God gives you that is impossible for man to make, but I am thankful for it.
gt: I can think of several positive aspects that believing in God gives strenght in life

input: 1 test down, 1 test to go. usually i dont hate fridays but this one sucks.
pred: 1 test down, 1 test to go. I don’t like fridays, but it’s Friday, so I’m going to take a long break.
gt: Just this Friday to finish the last test.

input: talacre beach really need to sort there checking in routeen caravans are never ready 30mins later and still sat in the car waiting .. peak season to low season its always the same 3 kids stuck in a car not good
pred: I hope I am able to sort out the traffic at the beach soon so that I can get my kids in the car soon.
gt: Talacre beach's check in process could do with some improvement to reduce the wait time for customers.

input: Morning Twitter-Birds! I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now. So I'm sitting in taking a study-break. I hate my admission to grad school rides on a standardized test after 15 years on the job. BeReal NeverGiveUp Tired
pred: I'm taking my GRE in 2 hours and am a little stressed right now, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: Soon the GRE’s will be over, and I’ll be able to further my career.

input: Honestly trying so hard right now to have a freak out.. ugh life stress money..
pred: I'm going to take some time off from work to have a good time with my family.
gt: Life is not easy for everyone one, and everyone has money problems and stress.

input: My dad has been asking for grapes forever. He doesn't want seedless. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I'm gonna lost my mind if I don't find this man his grapes, cause he's losing his mind and he's gonna keep asking.
pred: My dad has been asking for grapes forever, but I can't find them. I've checked at least 10 different places and they only freaking carry seedless. I hope I can find them soon.
gt: Stores need to offer more normal grapes not seedless ones so my dad would stop ragging on me about getting some.

input: Can't Ever Find A Decent Team While Playing LeagueOfLegends . They All Act Retarded .
pred: Can't ever find a Decent Team while playing League of Legends. They all act Retarded. But I'm sure I'll find one soon.
gt: It's really hard to find a team that I like in League of Legends. Maybe I'll have better luck with one of my other games.

input: So exhausted. :( Only so much I can do in all areas of my life in a day/week but it never ends! :( frustrated
pred: I am exhausted, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: I have a lot to do, but I’m really proud of myself for keeping it all together.

input: Could someone just give me like $1000? It would change my life, stressing about rent, bills and food money is just the worst. ineedhelp helpme moneyisstupid
pred: I would be grateful if someone just gave me like $1000 to help me with rent, bills and food money.
gt: Time to focus on making a budget, so I don't have to stress about rent, bills, and food money.

input: maybe just maybe I should think about switching sides on my Senior Paper confused Omg
pred: I'm going to think about switching sides on my Senior Paper, and then I'll be able to write it.
gt: I will talk to my teacher and will figure this out soon.

input: wish i didnt have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about
pred: I am going to study for the exam tomorrow morning, I have enough on my plate to think about.
gt: I have this exam tomorrow morning, got enough on my plate to think about but I just got to study hard today and I will do fine

input: I'm just really confused about what to do with my life right now I just wish I knew what to do.
pred: I am confused about what to do with my life right now, but I am sure I will find a way to get through it.
gt: I am a bit confused about my life now, and I hope to get a solution soon.

input: Not even funny how bad business is going to go tomorrow , why didnt i start studying earlier ?
pred: It's going to be a bad business tomorrow, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Time to learn to plan better and start my assignments sooner!

input: To all my friends that think I'm blessed, they don't know my head's a mess"
pred: I'm blessed, and I'm thankful for all the people that think I'm blessed.
gt: I hope my mind clears a bit and I get into a positive frame of mind.

input: I'm so p'd off .. I'm going to miss my spin class because of sodding traffic!!!!! Ahhhhhhhh
pred: I'm going to miss my spin class because of traffic, but I'm sure I'll be able to get there soon.
gt: I will miss a class because of trafic but I am sure the teacher will understand

input: Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately
pred: Having 53480 things to do and taking a nap instead has became a terrible habit of mine lately, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: It‚Äôs good that I take naps and times out when I am really busy

input: I need to go for a nice run or something. I don't know I just need to get out of here
pred: I'm going to go for a nice run or something to get out of here.
gt: As I wish to get out of here, it would be better if I go for a nice run.

input: Stressed? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure. Destress
pred: Stress? Take a few seconds, and try this breaking technique to relieve the pressure.
gt: Do not get stressed. Try this interruption technique and watch your stress disappear like magic along with your pressure.

input: I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away. It's simple you either you wanna be with me or you don't!!
pred: I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away, and I would be able to get over it.
gt: I wish this empty feeling inside would just go away or someone will help me.

input: Think I'm getting a canker sore I was literally JUST saying today how long it's been since I've had one. I even knocked on wood.
pred: I'm getting a canker sore today, but I'm sure it will pass, and I'll be fine.
gt: Today I was talking about how long it's been since I had a cold sore and guess what, I have a cold sore. It was even funny!

input: Gah!! I always go to bed sooo late on nights I need to be up sooo earlytomorrows gonna be such a long day
pred: I always go to bed late on nights, but I'm sure tomorrow will be a long day.
gt: I think I'll go to sleep earlier to get a good night sleep for tomorrow.

input: want to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me
pred: I would love to just hop on a random international bound plane and go where ever it takes me and go, but I'm sure I'll be able to make it.
gt: I need to think more positively, so that I don't feel like running onto a plane and escaping my problems.

input: Job applications handed in. One stressful thing out the way!! Now my next tackle ahead. Forever fighting fires. :(
pred: Job applications handed in are stressful, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Job applications handed in. Now my next tackle ahead. I have to be confident

input: So annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that that's all I can think about.
pred: So annoyed at myself that I mucked up part of my interview that that's all I can think about, but I'm sure I can get over it.
gt: I didn't do very well on my interview but I'll be more prepared next time!

input: Escape! Im planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.
pred: I am planning to escape aboard a cargo ship to nowhere, to anywhere it takes me.
gt: It would be exciting to escape aboard a cargo ship to some new place.

input: Today has been the worst day ever. Really could use my papa to talk to right now
pred: Today has been the worst day ever, but I'm sure tomorrow will be better.
gt: My day was bad but talking with my papa would make me feel a lot better.

input: I hate being in a bad situation and not being able to do anything about it!
pred: Being in a bad situation and not being able to do anything about it is a bit frustrating, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Bad situations don’t always call for me to do something, it shows me that sometimes I just need to stay calm.

input: 6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to GatwickFANTASTIC!!!! annoyed cba
pred: 6 days before we go on holiday and the mini bus has let us down to go to Gatwick, but I'm sure it will be okay.
gt: I will find another mode of transportation.

input: Seriously been extremely too stressed out here lately! When will I ever get a break from it all? ugh
pred: I have been stressed out here lately, but I am sure I will get a break soon.
gt: I have had a lot to contend with recently and have been very brave.

input: With all this stress on me, Im about to get 2 jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.
pred: With all this stress on me, I'm going to get two jobs to keep me from blowing my head off.
gt: I have stress but since I have two jobs they will help me get my mind away from it.

input: Instead of writing my paper, I've now spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca
pred: I spent an hour trying to figure out how to get to Ithaca, but I'm sure I'll find a way.
gt: Once I figure out how to get to Ithaca, I will start writing my paper.

input: sharing the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman  eeeek!!! wasp
pred: I'm going to take the bus with a wasp, trying not to act like a crazy woman.
gt: Sharing the bus with a wasp, hopefully it will leave me alone if I leave it alone.

input: The fact that my mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school says so much. I've needed it these past few days
pred: The fact that my mom has been calling me every night to calm me down from school says so much.
gt: I'm really lucky to have such a caring mum who is willing to call me every night when I'm having a hard time.

input: One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scaredihavefoegottensomethingvital
pred: One with such a small brain should not be in charge of organising events scared, but I am thankful that I have the ability to do it.
gt: My boss has a lot of responsibility to deal with, and I will be of utility for him as long as I work here!

input: Think I'm going to end up seriously ill if I carry on how I am at the moment :-( exhausted
pred: I am going to end up seriously ill if I carry on how I am at the moment, but I know I can get through it.
gt: I am so exhausted, and I hope not to end up getting ill.

input: There's always that one that your gonna randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life
pred: There's always that one that your going randomly think about and get pissed or depressed Life. But it's okay, it's just life.
gt: Sometimes you think about things that get you down, but the same thing happens for things that make us feel good, that's how life works

input: Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might have been the worst decision I ever made
pred: Having a psychology major and a paralegal minor might have been the worst decision I ever made, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to go to school.
gt: I have really challenged myself doing psychology and law I'll do great.

input: This week has prob been the worst week I have had with school in awhile!
pred: This week has been the worst week I have had with school in awhile, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: This week was not the best, but it can get better

input: Finding out I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university killme
pred: Finding out I have to write two essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university kill me, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have to write 2 essays due tomorrow in order to be considered for university. Time to learn to be more organized.

input: Urgh. Fed up! So much to do and definitely not enough time/energy to do everything :(
pred: There is a lot to do and not enough time/energy to do, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have a lot to do. So, I'll plan my time, and get some energy to do everything.

input: Idk what to believe and the fact that one of my bestfriends are lying to me makes this even harder.
pred: I hope I can find a way to believe that one of my best friends is lying to me.
gt: Finding out that your friend is lying to you is a way of life showing you that you are trusting the wrong people! This is liberating!

input: I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.
pred: I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses.
gt: I realized that I should start getting to work and finish my last few courses. Better later than never.

input: Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day
pred: Thank you, professor for scheduling a test, lab quiz, and lab report all due on the same day.
gt: The professor scheduled me a test, lab test and lab report for the same. It's time to stop procrastinating, study and prepare.

input: When you try to be responsible and its all thrown back in your face. frustrated
pred: When you try to be responsible and it all thrown back in your face, it's a good opportunity to learn how to deal with it.
gt: Trying to be responsible and having a lot of problems. The good thing about it is that at least I'm trying and besides, it's normal to have problems, we're learning to deal with it.

input: So many impromptu things I gotta do before 4. Makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down
pred: So many impromptu things I have to do before 4. Make makeup, shave, do SOMETHING to my hair since it's too hot to leave down. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have many things to do but I am capable in doing things fast so I will be done with everything.

input: By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays..that's crazy highschool applications
pred: By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays, that's crazy highschool applications, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: By the end of this week I will have written 7 essays, really proud of myself and what I have achieved.

input: I must go where Im not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me. racism thursdaymorning
pred: I must go where I am not required and pick up the pieces of the diseased minds that went before me.
gt: I need to go by myself and clear my mind of all the troubling issues before me.

input: Enjoy life's simple pleasures - the outdoors, fav hobbies and laughing with friends to feel grounded and less stressed
pred: Life is full of simple pleasures, and I'm thankful for the simple pleasures of the outdoors, fav hobbies and friends.
gt: I am thankful that I have outdoors environments to enjoy, hobbies and friends which help me in hard times.

input: I swear to god i just broke down and cried. I was so scared  i thot all my hard work was for nothing.
pred: I just broke down and cried, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I took a necessary time to cry and drain all my fears.

input: I need to go drive or shoot my gun annoyed anxiety" um woah there, youv changed
pred: I need to go drive or shoot my gun to relieve my anxiety.
gt: I'm feeling anxious so I'm going to go for a drive or shoot my gun to calm down.

input: Everything is coming down on me all at once and I don't know how to handle it.
pred: I hope I am able to deal with all the bad things that are coming down on me all at once and get through it.
gt: A lot of stressful things are happening at once but it feels better if I think of all the better stuff that can happen after.

input: Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school?? Ugh!
pred: Is it completely wrong of me to want my kids to take their cell phones to school? Ugh!
gt: I want my kids to take their cell phone to school because it is a great study tool

input: trying to find a roommate for next year is nuts, but getting somebody random is sketchy. meh.
pred: Finding a roommate for next year is going to be a challenge, but I'm sure it will be worth it in the end.
gt: Trying to find a roomate for next year is nuts but I'll make it!

input: Great. Got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is literally falling out!
pred: I got about 3 hours of sleep last night and my hair is falling out, but I'm sure it's just temporary.
gt: I didn't sleep much because of the stress but I will come out of it a better and stronger person.

input: just realised word of the week didn't last long. Last week was , this week is already
pred: This week is already over, and it's almost over!
gt: This week seems to have come fast.

input: I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test. mymindisfucked
pred: I would get the same questions right on a previous test and then get it wrong on this test, but I am sure I will pass.
gt: I have to learn to stay calm, so I don't make mistakes on the tests

input: when you missed almost 2 weeks of school and exams start in a week and youre still behind
pred: When you missed almost two weeks of school and exams, you are still behind, but I am sure I will be able to catch up soon.
gt: I need to prepare for the exam that starts in a week, as I have been without classes for almost 2 weeks and this can harm me.

input: I just found how much work I have to make up at school from being sick. Tomorrow is gonna be a rough day
pred: I just found how much work I have to make up at school from being sick, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: There's so much pending school work since I've been sick. But I'm going to face it and make up for it since I'm feeling better now.

input: Work tonight was horrendous. 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes.
pred: Work tonight was horrendous. 5 hours alone on the kiosk trying to deal with a 6 box delivery, lottery and cigarettes. But I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: Work tonight could have been better, but at least I have a job.

input: Week 2 of this semester. . It's going to be a long one. Possibly my hardest yet. If that's even possible.
pred: Week 2 of this semester is going to be a long one, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: This second week of the semester is going to be a long and hard one, but I have decided to put in my best efforts to pass in flying colors.

input: I want to lay down and die.., but not actually die.. Just wake up at a time when society isn't such a load of bullshit. tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm going to go to bed and sleep.
gt: I wanted to lay down, and wake up at a time when society isn't so bad. But that's life, and I should be enjoying the good parts of it.

input: Stressful day out with my homie. trying to find 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard
pred: Finding 15 pairs of the same shoes is hard, but I'm sure I'll find them soon.
gt: It is of course difficult to find 15 pairs of the same shoes but it can be achieved with some effort.

input: I don't usually get this worried for exams, but I'm legitimately nervous for fluids tomorrow
pred: I'm nervous for the exams tomorrow, but I'm sure I'll be fine.
gt: I don’t usually bother about exams too much, but this time I am a bit nervous about fluids tomorrow.

input: These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.
pred: These are the moments that I wish someone would edit episodes for me, so I can do other work.
gt: These eposodes are really important to get done but if I do them now I can focus in other important things later.

input: Last full day of school newberryacademy Examweek oh crap this week is exam weekoh no.
pred: Last full day of school newberryacademy examweek oh crap this week is exam week. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Last full day of school with forthcoming exams. Busy week ahead!

input: Every time we talk i just want to rage quit violently on you for everything ya did! angerproblems .
pred: I am angry with you for everything you did, but I am thankful that I am able to talk to you.
gt: I need to learn how to let go, It will do me good as a person, and will help with my mental health.

input: 11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own was not the one today stressed
pred: 11 hours at work after a bank holiday on my own was not the one today stressed, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Working for 11 hours after a bank holiday on my own means I am a very dedicated person.

input: Um, help. I have an exam and my prof is late. What do I do?
pred: I have an exam and my prof is late, but I'm sure I can find a way to do it.
gt: Professors really need to start communicating with their students, if they are going to be late.

input: How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child behaviour tempertantrums help
pred: How do you manage a big move to a new house with an autistic child?
gt: It is a challenge with an autistic child but we have gotten a new place we get move in to.

input: waking up nauseous<;<; and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams<;<;
pred: Waking up nauseous and skipping an 8am to study for my back to back exams is a good way to learn how to deal with it.
gt: I will not let these nausea harm me in my exam, it is important to wake up early and start my studies.

input: Tomorrow's going to be a long day. I'm going to be drained mentally and physically. Yay for all the homecoming festivities!
pred: Tomorrow's going to be a long day, but I'm thankful for all the homecoming festivities!
gt: Tomorrow will be stressful mentally and physically, but in the end I know I will do a good job

input: Gotta get at least 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 I have wayyyyy too much to do today
pred: I have a lot to do today, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Just gotta get 2 1/2-3 pages of this paper done by 4:30 today, it's better than doing it all last second.

input: I'm so close to finishing this class but if I fail the final then I fail the class and have to restart
pred: I'm so close to finishing this class but if I fail the final then I have to restart it.
gt: I only have to finish this small class to finish the year well.

input: This work day seriously just needs to be over, like ASAP!!!!! Why is it not 3 o'clock yet!?
pred: This work day is almost over, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: After 3 o'clock, this work day will be over!

input: a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath is going to do me wonders tonight.
pred: I'm going to take a long break and relax with a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath tonight.
gt: I'm going to have a wonderful time tonight with a glass of wine, a mindless magazine and a bubble bath :)

input: My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together. This job might kill me.
pred: My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: My day usually consists of a series of small panic attacks strung together :). This job may be killing me but it makes me so thankful about leaving work at the end of each day!

input: I'm sooooooo going to be screwed for the admin prelim won't remember anything practical and won't do well theory wise :(
pred: I am going to be screwed for the admin prelim, but I am sure I will do well.
gt: I'm going to study until I feel more confident about practical and theory in admin prelim.

input: Why cant I just catch a break? Just for a little while. Have things go my way for once. Im about to break
pred: I'm going to take a break and have some fun.
gt: My life will get so much better soon.

input: Definitely need to start staying at my friends house. I can't stand it here. stressed hateit toomanykids
pred: I would love to start staying at my friends house, I can't stand it here.
gt: I am thankful I have a friend I can stay at since I am in need of moving somewhere else.

input: Wow. I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I missed dedicating 5 days to dance.
pred: I missed 5 days of work, but I'm sure I can finish it soon.
gt: I'm sorry for trying to finish all my work I miss lot f things.

input: Seriously wishing I would get sick so I can call off work, and I don't care that I would have to cancel 2 shows.
pred: I would love to get sick so that I can take a long break from work so I can go to the shows.
gt: I will enjoy my night after I get off work.

input: my uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbieshad the worst time sorting it all out
pred: My uni should allow all the freshers to get wristbands first as we are the newbies.
gt: Even though I wasn't able to get a wristband first, I'm just thankful that I'm considered important at all.

input: This life has got me rundown and spinning out and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up
pred: This life has got me rundown and spinning out and I'm not sure how long I'll hold up, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I am exhausted in life, but I wish to hold on and become successful.

input: I absolutely love stage dooring to see my incredible people but just hate the awkward waiting in between!!! socialanxietyFU
pred: I love stage dooring, but I'm going to take some time to get used to the awkward waiting in between.
gt: The awkward waiting might be discomforting but I am glad that I get to see my incredible people.

input: Feel like crying, this math class is impossible to pass, and my teacher gives us heaps of work as if we don't have other classes
pred: This math class is impossible to pass, and my teacher gives us heaps of work as if we don't have other classes to do. But I'm sure I'll pass it.
gt: This math class is hard, and my teacher gives us heaps of work. But, I'm smart, and I know I can get everything right!

input: Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine Why announce so late meaning that 1000s of us over in France have been desperately trying to book into the early hours? Ill only believe its true when Im safely on board! stressed
pred: Just managed to book a return ferry crossing for tomorrow to beat this bastard quarantine.
gt: While there are thousands of people trying to book the return ferry, I managed to get a spot as early as tomorrow! Glad to be ahead of the quatantine!

input: So much work to do today :( and I still have to study for my math final
pred: I have a lot of work to do today, but I am sure I will be able to do it.
gt: I'll have to schedule carefully to have time for all my work and studying.

input: Just so ready to be done with school and move far far away from michigan. I have never been this frustrated!!!
pred: I am so ready to be done with school and move far far away from Michigan.
gt: Looking to relocate to another state for higher education post completing school in Michigan.

input: 6 hours sleep in a 72 hour period Not eaten in 45 hours Had a migraine the last 3 days Tired
pred: 6 hours sleep in a 72 hour period is a long time to be tired, but I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
gt: I’ve had a migraine, only 6 hours sleep and not eaten in the 45 hours. I hope to feel good after a nice meal and a nap.

input: ff hope you gave the ironing a crack and feel a little less ;-) off to snowdonia next week with
pred: I'm going to go to snowdonia next week with my friends to have a good time.
gt: We should be always optimistic.

input: The recklessness at work right now means.. I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to SeeMeSmile
pred: The recklessness at work right now means I'm out to lunch at McDonalds for lunch. At least they want to see me smile.
gt: Hanging out with my friends bring me a piece of happiness.

input: Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed! Get one with your order!
pred: Our heat shock pencils turn bright orange when you are stressed, but I'm sure it will be better soon.
gt: Even though I am stressed at least there are these cute pencils which show the stress and it's somewhat entertaining.

input: Depressed! Going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow. Probably won't even see a 3.0. Wish I had tix for Saturdays game!
pred: I am going to fail my College Algebra Final tomorrow, but I am sure I will get a good grade.
gt: Feeling really anxious about my Algebra Final tomorrow, but I'm sure if I study hard I can pass it!

input: I envy month end at work! Bein told to 'turn my frown upside down' is not what i wonna hear now!
pred: I'm going to take some time off from work, so that I can enjoy the month end at work.
gt: Finding work really hard at the moment but I know that if I work hard I can get to an outcome I am happy with.

input: How are you supposed to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area?
pred: How are you supposed to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area?
gt: It's hard to find a job when they all require previous experience in that area. But I'll keep searching, and I'm sure anyday I'll find.

input: Would love to know what I'm doing wrong to not receive any callbacks for these job applications!
pred: I hope I get some callbacks for these job applications soon.
gt: I'm not receiving any callbacks for my job applications. It's time to work even harder to improve myself.

input: I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
pred: I'm sorry but my type A personality requires a plan. I can't function half the time without a clear and concise plan.
gt: Despite my type A personality, I'll function all the time with or without a clear and concise plan.

input: Can't even chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I ain't started due to this revision!!
pred: Can't even chill after exams are done as got a 2500 essay in for mid feb which I haven't started due to this revision, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it soon.
gt: I am yet to do a 2500 essay for mid feb, so I am not able relax after my exams. But I hope to finish it soon and chill out with my cousins..

input: I think the other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend! drama
pred: The other night might be on the same level as valentines day weekend, but I'm sure the weekend will be better.
gt: Even though there's been lots of drama lately, I'm glad I can step back from it all and relax.

input: This week has seriously kicked my ass. I'm either going to sit down and cry or get drunk tonight. 50/50 chance either way.
pred: This week has been a bit tough, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Sometimes I have to let myself go through life to regain control of it, even after a hard day like today.

input: If I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half it'll be a miracle
pred: If I don't die from an anxiety attack in the next week and a half it'll be a miracle.
gt: I hope to survive a possible anxiety attack in the next week and a half.

input: my brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look
pred: My brain is constantly thinking and mentally arranging how my living space is going to look, but I'm sure it will all work out in the end.
gt: I should take my mind off of how my living space will look to relax for a bit.

input: Wanting to crawl up under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days..
pred: Wanting to crawl up under my zebra blanket and not come out for a few days, but I'm sure I'll be able to get out soon.
gt: It's been a tough time, but thankfully the end of the week is coming.

input: In the next week I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies finish the 7th Harry potter book and go shopping for new clothes omg
pred: I have to watch 5 Harry potter movies in the next week, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: The next week seems to be lined with activities but I'm looking forward to get done with all of them, one after the other.

input: past papers are 2 hours long, they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then i scrape a B ineedanAfgs
pred:  past papers are 2 hours long, they take an extra half an hour on my laptop scrolling up and down and then I scrape a B ineedanAfgs, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I'm pretty sure that If I keep studying I will only improve and get higher scores on my tests!

input: if this struggle to pick classes is any indication of what going back to school is going to be like this is going to be rough
pred: Going back to school is going to be rough, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: Picking classes is challenging for me. Next time I am going to work with my advisor.

input: Even though days aren't what I expected I still smile! badday terrible stressed itsokay beautiful
pred: Even though days aren't what I expected, I'm thankful for the fact that I'm still alive.
gt: Even though the day was not so good, I thank you for still being able to smile even though stressed, because on the one hand the day is beautiful.

input: This week is crazy. I have soooo much to do and not enough time to do it.
pred: This week is crazy, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it soon.
gt: Today I'm going to really learn how to juggle all the things I have to do with the time to do them.

input: I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage stat. sore exhausted
pred: I need 13 years of solid sleep, 3 pitchers of margaritas, and a 6 hour massage stat.
gt: I'm looking forward to getting some sleep and maybe having some fun later.

input: NOT IN THE MOOD. Stupid statuses on facebook =FUCKING ANNOYING. Like NO SHIT SHERLOCK. Hahahaha omygad
pred: I am in the mood of being in the MOOD, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: Facebook statuses can be annoying sometimes but it's just Facebook so I shouldn't care much

input: Also hate the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way.
pred: I don't like the feeling when you love someone but they don't feel the same way. But I'm sure it will pass.
gt: I know I will find someone who loves me, even if it's not this person.

input: I apply for jobs. Then i apply for jobs. When I get bored w/that, I apply for jobs. Owh! Finals! gradschoolproblems
pred: I apply for jobs. Then I apply for job. When I get bored w/that, I apply to jobs.
gt: I have a lot of job applications out there, and I'm sure I'll find a great one.

input: I officially hate drawing trees and I have to paint one on my living ruin wall good o need to practice allot
pred: I am going to practice drawing trees and painting them on my living ruin wall.
gt: I don’t like to draw trees, but I think a good practice can help me draw a good tree in my living room.

input: Nights like tonight make me miss having someone I can talk to about everything!! tired
pred: I'm tired tonight, but I'm thankful for the fact that I have someone to talk to about everything.
gt: What a beautiful night, it's a pleasure to be alone to be able to rest a little.

input: If I get through the next two weeks without going insane, it will be a miracle. overscheduled
pred: If I get through the next two weeks without going insane, it will be a miracle.
gt: I have a lot of work for the next two weeks but I hope to pull through it.

input: i would do some really questionable, terrible things for a deep tissue massage right about now
pred: I would do some really questionable things for a deep tissue massage right about now, but it would be worth it.
gt: I would go to great lengths for a deep tissue massage right about now.

input: Baby's been hysterical for hours. Desperately tried to comfort her. Take her to my sister's in a panic. She pukes all over her.
pred: Baby's been hysterical for hours, but I'm thankful that I have a sister to comfort her.
gt: The baby has been crying, and I took her to my sister’s to comfort her. My sister can handle any kind of baby.

input: What will you pick? Someone who is always there for you but is in another courtry? Or someone who isn't always there for you but is in the same Courtry and province with you? Comment!! I'm confused HELPPP
pred: I hope I am able to find someone who is always there for me but is in another courtry and province with me.
gt: I'm so confused about my relationship situation, but I'm thankful that I have someone that cares about me.

input: When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere." MaxKirsten
pred: When we are unable to find tranquillity within ourselves, it is useless to seek it elsewhere.
gt: It is better to find peace within oneself before seeking it outside or with others.

input: When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need
pred: When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away us what I need.
gt: When your boyfriend annoys you for no reason, you know a few days away is what It's needed. And it's fine, it happens.

input: For all you out there who work while pursuing a challenging degree in college, I respect you. This crap is difficult right now.
pred: I am so thankful for all the people who work while pursuing a challenging degree in college, I respect you.
gt: I have a new respect for people that both have to work and go to school and I'm thankful I am one of those people.

input: Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my workit's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees.
pred: Too many people are in charge of the A/C - Heat at my work, but it's always FREEZING cold or 8 million degrees.
gt: I believe that if we talk to each other about the right temperature for the A/C we can come to an agreement.

input: HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO MAKE AN A IN THIS GEOGRAPHY CLASS IF YOU DON'T EVEN TALK ABOUT GEOGRAPHY?!  pissed
pred: I'm going to take a break from talking about GEOGRAPHY class, so that I can get some time to think about other things.
gt: Really finding this class hard I might go to the school for some further advice.

input: Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, its really not helping me revise
pred: Whoever is drilling and hammering or whatever in hartley A, it really not helping me revise.
gt: I hope they stop drilling and hammering in HartleyA soon! It's making my revising a little difficult.

input: Bored of not being able to sleep! What happened to sleeping like a baby every night?
pred: I'm tired of not being able to sleep, but I'm thankful that I'm able to have a baby every night.
gt: Missing the times of good sleeping. As everything passing by, I hope this non-sleep period ends soon.

input: aerlingus customer service ?Not sure where it is?I have called&tweeted no response! Can you send me helpline contact number?
pred: I have called customer service, but there is no response. Can you send me helpline contact number?
gt: Having really awful customer service at the moment, please help me get it resloved. That would be amazing.

input: In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out
pred: In a boiling hot radox muscle relax bubble bath hopefully this will chill me out.
gt: This bath will be very relaxing.

input: Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed
pred: Only two weeks of school until winter break and I already can't wait to get home stressed overwhelmed.
gt: I am stressed but the winter break will be in two weeks so that's good.

input: i know when something is seriously wrong when KUWTK can't even cheer me up badmood
pred: KUWTK can't cheer me up when I'm in a bad mood, but it's okay, I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I know I''m in a badmood because the KUWTK isn't working. but hopefully it will pass soon!

input: Not even enough time for lunch! This job is argghhhh stressed. Roll on 5pm I wanna go home.
pred: This job is stressful, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I have little free time at work, and during it the only thing I think about going home.

input: I am so not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads for supermarkets. They are so wrong, offensive and
pred: Christmas TV ads for supermarkets are so wrong, offensive and offensive, but I am thankful that I am not the stressed woman in the Christmas TV ads.
gt: I have to learn to not give attention to ads for supermarkets. I can use that time for something more productive.

input: I want to bury myself into a hole and disappear worried stressed fedup don't want this assessment tomorrow NOvoice just
pred: I am stressed and stressed, but I am sure I will be able to get through this assessment tomorrow.
gt: My assessment is a good way to learn and educate myself even tho it is stressful.

input: Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel the same way?
pred: Why go to school when I could just light myself on fire and feel good?
gt: Even though it's hard, school will help me be a better person.

input: man so tired after a day of school but can't sleep cuze i have night that i need to attend sleepy tired
pred: I am tired after a day of school, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to go to school.
gt: I would love to be finished with this night class so that I can go get a good night's sleep.

input: bad week just gets worse, 2014 get your act together and give me a break!!
pred: I hope 2014 is a good week for me and I am able to get my act together in time for the weekend.
gt: This week wasn't the best, 2014 it's being a rough year. But I'm confident it will give me a break soon, and things will be better.

input: I just went back to school today And I'm already stressed cause we have MIDTERMS NEXT WEEK !!! AND THIS WEEKEND -_- JAM PACKED :-(
pred: I just went back to school today, and I'm already stressed, but I'm glad that I have the weekend off.
gt: Well, just think by the end of next week we'll be all done with the midterms!

input: I can't believe I left my history notebook with the packet at school! Now how am I supposed to write this DBQ? crying
pred: I left my history notebook with the packet at school, but I'm sure I'll find it soon.
gt: I left my history notebook at school, but I’m sure I can borrow someone else’s notes.

input: Want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry!
pred: I want to stand on top of a hill and scream until my lungs hurt and then crumble in a heap and cry, but I know I can do it.
gt: I want to stand on top of a hill and take in the magnificent views from that height.

input: Why does the water softener have to be broken. My skins drying out and I can't get a single knot out of my hair!!!!
pred: Why does the water softener have to be broken? I hope it is fixed soon.
gt: I have to maintain patience while doing my works.

input: I don't even think I broke out this bad back in my middle school puberty days
pred: I'm going to go to the doctor to get some good news on my acne, so that I can get over it.
gt: Need to learn how to take better care of my face, so my skin is clearer.

input: I tell you and you get mad still ! Okay whatever :/ drama hateit tired restless
pred: I'm tired, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: At least I'm telling you, don't mind if you get mad.

input: Weird to think that this time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals surreal
pred: I'm done with two of my 4 finals, and I'm going to take some time off to relax.
gt: This time tomorrow I'll be done with 2 of my 4 finals. I'm glad to be getting it!

input: Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I could do with a secret escape to another world. fantasy
pred: I would love to go to Narnia, I would love a secret escape to another world.
gt: Wish I owned the wardrobe to Narnia, I can explore different places.

input: Was so sad being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland!! depression dilemma
pred: Being in class today, doing my music exam knowing 5sos were in Scotland is a bit sad, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Missed out on 5sos today but I'm sure I have smashed my music exam.

input: Can I have a break with NO work-related calls and follow ups please???!!! toxic tired
pred: Can I have a break with NO work-related calls and follow ups please???!!! Toxic tired, but I'm sure I can get over it.
gt: I would be too glad to have a break with no work-related calls and follow -ups as I am tired.

input: I'm in desperate need of a girls night. To just vent drink and let loose.
pred: I'm in desperate need of a girls night, and I'm going to go out and have fun.
gt: A great way to unwind is to have a girls night-out. It's all about gossip, drink and dance:)

input: hello! sorry i havent been posting  i have finals next week and im like soooooo ill be posting regularly after next week!!
pred: I have finals next week and I haven’t been posting, but I’m sure I will be posting regularly after next week.
gt: Hello! I temporarily haven't been posting due to exams and feeling under the weather, but I'll resume posting regularly after next week!!

input: All i want is to see and hear my older brothers voice so i know hes okay. :( &DepressedToTheMax :'(
pred: I would love to see and hear my older brothers voice so I can know he is okay.
gt: I would be happy to hear from my older brother to confirm that he is safe and sound.

input: Dress shopping with 3 girls fuck I should have thought this threw before I got in the car
pred: Dress shopping with 3 girls is a challenge, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: Even though girls take a long time to shop and I will be shopping with them, at least I will buy some stuff too so that's good.

input: My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio
pred: My last college application is due in less than 3 hours and I have yet to complete my portfolio, but I am sure I will be able to do it.
gt: I have three hours to complete my portfolio, then I have completed all my college applications.

input: Everyday you wake up your destiny depends on what you do, sometimes I roll up when I'm stressed out, and sometimes I roll 2..
pred: I am stressed out, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: When I wake up I know it's going to be a great day. That's the mindset I tell myself, no need for drugs.

input: The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. ugh
pred: The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit SURF stuff. But I'm sure it will be back up soon.
gt: The RMC Internet going down the morning that I need to submit stuff. I think I have to find alternate way

input: Selling my house. Moving. Deciding who to live with. Oh and if I want to stay at union or go to broken arrow my senior year.
pred: I am moving, but I am sure I will find a way to find a new place to live.
gt: Despite having many things to do, deciding for my future makes me happy, especially if I can choose things like my home, my roommates and my future college.

input: Why did I take up home Ec!!! stressed so hard never ends leavingcert hate screwed
pred: Why did I take up home Ec? It's stressful, but I'm glad I have the opportunity to take it.
gt: Home economics is very hard, but I'm glad it will be over eventually.

input: One day at a time. In the end it'll be okayif it's not okay, it's not the end.
pred: One day at a time is a long way to go, but I'm sure it will be okay.
gt: Just one day at a time, I'll be fine at the end.

input: Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!
pred: Hubby and a friend are planning a road trip this weekend to the Isles. Thelma and Louise? He'll come back having bought a house!
gt: Im happy my husband is having a break away

input: Don't know who or what, but something/one doesn't want me to finish this project I'm working on So many things wrong with it!!
pred: I'm working on a project, but I'm sure it will be over soon, and I'll be done with it.
gt: I'm having such a hard time on my project but I know that I'll push through it.

input: My job will be the death of me! I cannot handle being up till 4 with class the next morning tired TGIF
pred: My job will be the death of me, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I can't handle my job and class simultaneously. Waking up till 4 frustrates me.

input: Due to the circumstances of today I think Bugers, Fries, and Wine will be on call. shouldworkout
pred: Due to the circumstances of today I think Bugers, Fries, Wine, and Wine will be on call, but I'm sure they'll be able to work out.
gt: After this tough day I will have a burger and fries. Tomorrow is a new day.

input: I think I just had a heart attack. WeTheNorth  as Toronto loses its collective mind.
pred: I just had a heart attack, and now I'm going to go home and relax.
gt: Things are crazy in Toronto at the moment, but they always settle down again, this won't last.

input: Tired CleaningMood. ii kinda wish i had to work this week to keep mi mind occupied on sumthin other tge negativitti
pred: I'm tired cleaning, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: I am going to start thinking more positively about every situation I encounter.

input: What a day. Half way done with everything I need to do just add 7 hours of work in the middle of it all
pred: I am almost done with all the work I have to do, and now I can just add 7 hours of work in the middle of it all.
gt: After this day passes, I am going to take some time to relax myself.

input: I really wish i could go to the batting cages and just hit the crap out of some balls.
pred: I would love to go to the batting cages and just hit some balls.
gt: I’ll feel great when I get to go to the batting cages and hit some balls.

input: Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio. Sorry prof, I can't focus today. finals
pred: Just sitting in my stats class working on my teach portfolio is a good way to focus.
gt: I have problems focusing now in stats class because of finals. But finals will be over soon, and I'll be back to normal.

input: So freaking frustrated and upset and I just kind of feel like a failure right now. WellIAm
pred: I feel like a failure right now, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I am feeling very frustrated right now, but I know it's ok to feel like this sometimes, tomorrow I will feel better

input: I didn't even realize I was writing fuck every other word on my English paper
pred: I didn't even realize I was writing every other word on my English paper, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it soon.
gt: I finally realized that I was writing bad words every other word and now I can stop it

input: Brain is frazzled. Poorly baby and now I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!
pred: I'm cramming RIDDOR etc ready for tomorrow's interview with a view to start work Monday!
gt: I'm cramming for the interview which I'm sure I'll nail!

input: I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next 2 years of nursing school
pred: I'm so over the rest of this semester and the next two years of nursing school, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Only 2 more years left of school until I have my dream job!

input: Been scrap booking 3 days straight with sickness.. So tired Can I just be done?!
pred: Been scrap booking 3 days straight with sickness, so tired I'm going to take a long break.
gt: Hopefully I can stop scrap booking while I am sick and get some energy back into my life.

input: Violently ill last night >;.>; threw up the happy meal I had :/ that with a head ach dont mix at all!
pred: I am sick, but I am sure I will be better soon.
gt: I feel sick but usually I have gone through this kind of situation the next day, so I will be fine soon.

input: I really just want to go in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min. frustrated restless
pred: I would be happy if I could go in the middle of a field and scream for about 10 min.
gt: I think I would feel better if I go out into the field and scream for 10 minutes to vent out my feelings.

input: Really been spending too much time with my pals cos they're really pissing me off
pred: I have been spending too much time with my pals, but I am thankful that I have a good time with them.
gt: I'm spending too much time with my pals, and sometimes I feel they're annoying me. But still, I'm glad that I have them by my side.

input: Hve a head cold, atm. You know that's when your body is telling you that you've been overworking and stressing yourself. downtime
pred: I have a head cold, but I'm sure it will pass, and I'll be fine.
gt: I've worked hard enough that I deserve some downtime to ease my stress.

input: It's too late to be up and too early for me to be up Here's to hoping the sandman pays me a visit
pred: It's too late to be up and too early for me to be in the sandman's office, but I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep.
gt: Really wish I was asleep but at least if I stay up tonight I will be exhausted tomorrow and have a good night sleep.

input: I would seriously pay someone to come over and give me a back massage
pred: I would love to pay someone to come over and give me a back massage, I would be so happy if they would come over.
gt: I was so tired I think I need to get massage.

input: Its gonna be one of those weeks, when you know youre gonna have a mental breakdown or two..
pred: It's going to be one of those weeks, when you know you're going to have a mental breakdown or two, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: This week is one of the bad ones, but I think next week would hold something good in store for me.

input: Feeling stressed! I'll be glad when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage! This waiting to hear malarkey is driving me mad!
pred: Feeling stressed, but I'm glad when I'm in the house and paying the mortgage.
gt: I am glad about paying the mortgage when I am in the house, but waiting to hear malarkey is something I don’t like.

input: Should really go to computers But after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs. pathetic
pred: Should really go to computers but after that class I want to go home and cry while hugging my dogs.
gt: I should take rest after completing my class.

input: 14:34 for a mile and a half, my best time yet. Still nervous for Friday tho
pred: I am nervous for Friday, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: I'm nervous but excited about the big race on Friday. I've trained hard and just broke a personal record, so I'm in great shape for the main event!

input: I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow. ..time seriously needs to slow down right now!! :(
pred: I can't believe it's already going to be September tomorrow, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It's almost going to be September soon but thankful for Christmas coming up.

input: Ugh ! Remind me not to volunteer to do apartment bldgs ! 90 papers took me 2 1/2 fucking hrs ! Totally pissed off and tired !
pred: I'm going to volunteer to do apartment bldgs, so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: Making buildings is difficult but it’s good because it brings a big reward.

input: Should be chilling in the sun instead I'm having to try find another dress incase mine doesn't arrive in time :( !
pred: I'm having to try to find another dress to go to the beach instead of chilling in the sun.
gt: I hope the dress I have ordered comes on time so that I can enjoy the sun like others are doing today.

input: I burned my face with my straightener. ThisNeverHappenedBefore Stressed don't be stressed smile lol
pred: This never happened before Stressed, but I'm sure it will happen again.
gt: An accident happened to me, sooner I'll be fine.

input: Raaaaa if this was to be the other way round all hell would have kicked off!!
pred: This is going to be a bad day for me, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Thankfully, it wasn't the other way around, everything happened correctly.

input: How many times will I learn the same lesson and still do the same mistake.. I pity myself :(
pred: I hope I am able to learn from my mistakes and not to make the same mistake again.
gt: It's only a matter of time until I stop making this mistake on this same lesson.

input: easy decision right Gotta be aztec4life RT: Man, this decision is getting harder and harder..
pred: I'm going to be a good person and make the best decision I can.
gt: Life's getting harder every day which means I am also getting smarter every day.

input: I hate being upset and annoyed. And I don't feel like doing anything today and I just woke up.
pred: I am upset and annoyed today and I don't feel like doing anything today, but I am sure I will be able to get over it soon.
gt: I will go back to sleep and feel better when I wake up.

input: I should probably start on all my homework and studying but first ill take a relaxing bath
pred: I should start on all my homework and studying but first I should take a relaxing bath.
gt: I would be good if I start my homework and studying after a relaxing bath.

input: My mind feels as unsettled as my stomach It's going to be a long night. sick
pred: I am sick, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: My mind and my stomach are both unsettled tonight, but I hope the morning holds something good for me.

input: to the max? You need extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever your adrenals are being taxed, esp. long term. If you find yourself needing to nap, do so (when you can).Try not to rely on caffeine/stimulants just to push through and keep going.
pred: I'm going to take some time off from caffeine/stimulants to take care of myself.
gt: To get maximum results take extra B vitamins, C, magnesium, and selenium whenever you feel your adrenals are being taxed. Take naps when its appropriate and don't just rely on caffeine/stimulants to keep yourself going. I hope these tips will help!

input: Its insane how the playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating.
pred: The playoffs have an impact on how fast my heart is beating, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It's amazing how exciting the playoff is.

input: Is it bad that I don't know what major to choose for college and I graduate in a few months?
pred: I don't know what major to choose for college, but I'm sure I'll graduate soon.
gt: I hope to choose my major for soon as my graduation is nearing.

input: Just because times are hard never give up God always comes through remember it doesn't rain forever woman man kids TeenMom teenagers gayrights abuseisnotagame
pred: Just because times are hard never give up God always comes through.
gt: God always comes, remember that when it rains the rainbow comes out. We all have rights

input: I have soo many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid
pred: I have so many things to do in such a short amount of time that it's just stupid, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have a busy few weeks but I’m up to the challenge.

input: This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year. When will these crazy landlords stop their antics!
pred: This Dubai rental story gives me so much unnecessary anxiety every year, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Landlords are always tough to handle but at least I have an interesting story from the experience.

input: I kno this is just another challenge god has for me to motivate me to work harder . It's hard but I'm determined . Prayers
pred: I am determined to work hard and get through this challenge.
gt: I am grateful for always having God by my side even when I have a lot of work, I feel that in these difficult days a prayer improves everything.

input: Dont call me ,Trailer Trash. My trailer is very clean and immaculately decorated. thursdaymorning sunset LoveIsNotTourism LGBTQ tuesdayvibes fridaymorning lifestyle Trends racism TuesdayMorning Tuesday thursdaymorning SatanicElite Weird StreamingNow
pred: I'm going to go to the movies and watch some movies.
gt: Living in a trailer does have its perks.

input: So want to have good grades and pass all my exams but at the same time I just Cba to put the time and effort in :( feels
pred: I want to have good grades and pass all my exams, but at the same time I just Cba to put the time and effort in.
gt: I hope to be done with my exams so that I get good grades and graduate soon.

input: Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me. whattodo
pred: Sometimes I wish I had someone who just made all the tough decisions in life for me, but I'm thankful that I have someone who makes the tough ones for me.
gt: It is tough to make tough decisions but that experience helps to mould you in life.

input: My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim But I don't want to live in California
pred: My chances of getting into the school in Canada are very slim, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to live in Canada.
gt: Even though I can probably get into a school in Canada, I can think of several good points about going to California.

input: Too. Early. 3:30 am wake up call can't even. Also WHY DO I HAVE SO MUCH GREY HAIR stressed filmlife
pred: I'm going to go to bed early, so that I can get up early.
gt: I've got a 3:30 am wake up call and my hair is turning grey. I'll look good as a silver fox.

input: Who would have ever guessed that it would be so freaking hard to get three different grades from two different schools together.
pred: I would have never guessed that it would be so hard to get three different grades from two different schools together, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I didn't realize it would be such hard work to get three different grades from two different schools, but I'm thankful I'm at least able to attend these great institutions.

input: The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle
pred: The moment you sit and ponder on decisions you're making and literally think WTF am I doing???? thestruggle is over.
gt: When you think about the mistakes you made and realize that you're still here it's a good feeling.

input: Right now is the night I wish I had the special someone to talk to but nope I'm lonely like fuck !!
pred: I am lonely, but I am sure I will find a way to find someone to talk to.
gt: I don't have a special someone to talk to right now, but I love myself and I know I can get through any situation!

input: Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task
pred: Too much to do constantly can't remember the last time I had a night where I didn't have work or some other brain numbing task, but I'm sure I'll be able to remember it soon.
gt: Despite a lot of work I've been having lately, I must be grateful that I'm not idle.

input: I swear i hve never been thur so much bullshyt in my life untill i met my baby daddy
pred: I have never been thur so much bullshyt in my life untill I met my baby daddy, but I am thankful that I have a baby.
gt: My baby daddy has some problems, but I tell myself that I can work through them.

input: Can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.
pred: Can't wait to be done with nursing school so my face will stop breaking out.
gt: The nursing school might be hard but after I finish it, I will be more skilled.

input: Juggling 20 credit hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke. tired
pred: I have a lot of work to do, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: Hours of school and 4 bar shifts in a row is no joke hope this situation change.

input: I'm going to cry this week I don't know when but it will happen.  school
pred: I am going to cry this week, but I am sure it will be over soon.
gt: I look forward to the moments of joy this week will bring to me.

input: Something's has to give somewhere along the lines, before I snap and go crazy. panic stressed
pred: I am stressed, but I know I can get through it.
gt: Very stressed out right now; got to make a big change for sanity.

input: When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying musicFeeling and Annoyed .
pred: When you're not feeling so well and your neighbors start playing loud, annoying music, you feel annoyed, but it's normal.
gt: My neighbors should learn to play their music softer.

input: Ugh I hate not being able to film videos especially for this long . Hopefully everything dies down soon
pred: I am not able to film videos especially for this long, but I am sure everything will be better soon.
gt: After it dies down, I can film my videos again.

input: I think the amount of stress I've been under causes heart attacks and mental illness
pred: I have been under a lot of stress lately, but I am sure it will pass, and soon I will be able to get over it.
gt: It is true that stress causes heart attacks and illness.

input: Legit so pissed about today. I shouldn't have to work when it's not in my availability
pred: I'm so pissed about today, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: I am not happy that I have to work outside my schedule but at least I'll get a bigger paycheck!

input: I don't think I'm gonna get to go home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it lonelychristmas
pred: I'm going home for Christmas this year and I feel oddly depressed but relieved about it.
gt: I don't think I'm going to get to go home for Christmas this year, and that makes me feel bad. But also, that makes me feel relieved, and I'm thankful for that.

input: Thought I'd have a stress free evening wrapping presents. Got that wrong, paper, ribbion and sellotape everywhere
pred: Wrapping presents is a bit stressful, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Try to remember what those presents are for.  I'm sure the people who will get them will be very appreciative.

input: Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. AmIInTrouble I feel like bad news is coming.
pred: Meeting with a prof today and he didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. I feel bad, but I'm sure it's just bad news.
gt: Meeting with a prof today who didn't tell me why he wanted to meet. Time to learn not to bother much about the outcome of such meetings.

input: My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements I I've resorted to sitting outside if his office
pred: My pre-law advisor hasn't emailed me back about my personal statements, but I'm sure he'll be back soon.
gt: I think my pre-legal consultant is busy, I will wait a little longer, soon he will answer me

input: I hate that moment when your so frustrated that tears just start to flow out. Yet there is nothing you can do about it.
pred: I am so frustrated that tears are flowing out, but I know that it is only temporary.
gt: There will always be bad and frustrating moments, but I need to raise my head and move on.

input: sorry about all the complaining, i have a lot going on in my life, people dont understand
pred: I'm sorry about all the complaining, I have a lot going on in my life, people don't understand, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: It's okay for me to complain at the moment I need to look after myself and things will get better soon.

input: Pay a small fortune every month for my iMac.for it to turn black every 5 minutes.Scammed
pred: I'm going to pay a small fortune every month for my iMac, so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: I should get a better iMac as spending a fortune on the current one looks useless.

input: I can tell when I'm truly stressed because one day I'll forget to eat and the next I'll eat a whole pack of hot dogs in under 4 minutes.
pred: I'm stressed, but I'm sure I'll be able to eat hot dogs soon.
gt: Being stressed is part of the human life so I just got to get used to it.

input: Seriously my life sucks right now but the only thing I know to do is trust in god. faith
pred: I hope I am in a better frame of mind in the coming days.
gt: I'm sure everything will be ok, God is on my side, and he will make everything work out in the end.

input: Urgh is how I feel right now :-( few more weeks till uni is over. I cannot wait
pred: I am so excited for uni to be over, I can't wait.
gt: I don't feel alright now, but it is a few weeks until uni is over and all will be okay.

input: Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. Hows your day going?
pred: I am behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I am sure I will be able to catch up soon.
gt: Behind in math, no internet again, flat tire, work at 5. But I have to stay strong and keep going, because complaining is not going to take me anywhere.

input: Thought there was suppose to be a snow day.. My day is ruined. midterms tired
pred: I hope the snow day is over soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.
gt: My midterms are still on, but at least the snow looks pretty.

input: I hate it when other people or companies mess up but im the one who feels guilty about it. Everyone expects me to have all the answers and be able to fix things with a click of my fingers. depression mentalhealth
pred: I'm going to learn how to deal with the fact that other people or companies mess up but I'm sure I'll be able to fix it soon.
gt: I can't be so hard on myself for something that isn't my fault.  I just have to take things one at a time.

input: I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know ! Ugh!
pred: I'm over people not sending it in but can ya at least text ,Facebook, tell someone in my family, anything to let me know?
gt: Technology helps me to communicate with people.

input: My one complaint about college is all the annoying forms and wondering if you filled something out correctly.
pred: College can be a bit annoying, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to go to college.
gt: I need to be more patient and understand that filling forms is part of entering a college.

input: How the Rangers AND Knicks can break my heart in the same day is absurd.
pred: How the Rangers and Knicks can break my heart in the same day is absurd, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Both the Rangers and Knicks have disappointed me today. I hope they have better days ahead.

input: I live two minutes from my office. Yet sometimes, it takes forever to get to work. I hate traffic
pred: I live two minutes from my office, but it takes forever to get to work. I hate traffic, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Leaving my house earlier will help me get to work faster and avoid traffic.

input: If I make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown I will have achieved something
pred: If I make it through the next few weeks without an actual breakdown I will have achieved something.
gt: I know I can survive the next few weeks, I need to be strong, I will don't collapse.

input: and Its Only Monday! Waaaah Think Ill Have A Cheeky Jerry Tonight To Soothe The Pain
pred: I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can go home and relax.
gt: Had a great day and I need to pamper myself today.

input: Dreamt last night I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes?!
pred: I won a Fell Race and got disqualified for wearing bright orange track shoes with custom spikes, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a new pair soon.
gt: Funny dream last night where I won a race but was dq'ed for custom shoes. Looks like I need to get more into fashion

input: If you havent cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? lonely
pred: If you haven't cried at LEAST 3 times today, are you really in grad school? Lonely?
gt: Grad school is tough but I really care about it, one of the most important things in my life is my education.

input: Hate being pissed off  need to go home to see mother Theresa and the father
pred: I'm going home to see mother Theresa and the father, and I'm going to be pissed off, but I'm sure I'll be able to get over it soon.
gt: I need to learn how to relax and control myself! Everything happens for a reason!

input: Need to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it. So much shit to do!
pred: I'm going to get crackin so I can get my own place and move the fuck out before I lose it.
gt: I will be able to move from this place to get my own soon, I just have to be patient.

input: Major prepping for my interview on Monday. By prepping of course I mean cramming as much research as I can into my tiny brain.
pred: I am going to study hard for my interview on Monday.
gt: I am cramming my brain with so many things for my interview on Monday, but I am sure I will be the winner.

input: You KNOW you've had a bad day at work when a customer yells at you and looks like she's about to attack you.
pred: I had a bad day at work, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Work was tough today but at least it's over now, and now I can relax tonight!

input: anxious irritated panicky excited hopeful ambivalent wideawake oh! These mixed emotions are driving me crazy. T_T
pred: Anxious irritated panicky excited hopeful hopeful ambivalent wideawake oh! These mixed emotions are driving me crazy, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: Experiencing a set of strong emotions shows me that I still have the ability to feel.

input: Worst day of my life. Can't wait to go to bed and wake up and it be over! badluck
pred: Worst day of my life is over, and I can't wait to go to bed and wake up and have a good night's sleep.
gt: Today was one of the worst days of my life but I at least can wake up tomorrow.

input: Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses. stressed but pups are
pred: Isis has eye drops 52 and willow is being booked for the 2nd. I also reserved dog harnesses for the two dogs.
gt: I have bad experience with dogs but some of them are kind.

input: I cant wait to get to that point in my life when Im thankful for all the hard times but for now I wouldnt mind those hard times easing up juuuuuust a tad.
pred: I am thankful for all the hard times in my life, and I am looking forward to the day when I will be thankful for the good times.
gt: I wish the hard times would ease up right now, but this will make the better times even better

input: If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. And it will not be pretty.
pred: If someone says one wrong thing, or I so as do something stupid, I will cry. But I'm sure it will pass.
gt: I hope a good night's sleep improves my mood and clears my head.

input: After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit But now I know I haven't
pred: After weeks of not biting my nails I thought I had almost broken my habit, but now I know I haven't.
gt: I completed several weeks of not bitting my nails!

input: Of course the truck would die on my way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight.
pred: The truck would die on the way back to my parents house on the night I have a 3pg paper and two tests due by midnight, but I'm sure it will be okay.
gt: Life is full of challenges but each challenge is a lesson and I will grow from my truck breaking and having to get this paper done.

input: All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads and I feel like crying.
pred: All the MBA Management classes are taking all the professors and leaving no classes for undergrads and I feel like crying, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: There aren't many undergrad classes this semester because the profs are all doing MBA Management classes. I'll use this as an opportunity to broaden my horizons.

input: When ur so stressed out and u feel like ur about to explode and just want to cry MeRightNow Tired HeartBroken
pred: When you are stressed out and you feel like you are going to explode, you just want to cry, but you can't let it get you down.
gt: When you are so busy that you just want to lie down and relax and forget all the worries.

input: i didn't think it would be this difficult to work while i was down here. the florida life is no joke.
pred: I didn't think it would be this difficult to work while I was down here, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It is difficult to work right now, but the weekend will be coming up shortly!

input: I give up I'm to tired to look! Round 2 of the passport search will start tomorrow sleep bed tired angry !!
pred: I am tired and tired, but I am thankful that the passport search will start tomorrow.
gt: I am too tired to search now. I hope round 2 of passport search will be fruitful.

input: Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids .. guess nothing is what it seems to be .. single worried
pred: Husband just told me he was leaving me after 12 yrs and 4 kids, but I'm sure it will be okay.
gt: I am grateful for 12 years and 4 kids with my husband but now a new chapter begins.. single and free.. nowd

input: there's always something I could be doing. I just usually choose not to do it.
pred: There's always something I could be doing, but I just usually choose not to do it.
gt: There's always something I could be doing. I'll just go do it.

input: some quite awkward conversations happening in the same day is a lot to take - have a feeling there'll be more to come too :/
pred: Some awkward conversations happening in the same day is a lot to take - have a feeling there'll be more to come too
gt: Daily some conversations may be awkward we should accept it.

input: men are such pains to clothes shop with neveragain .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order. x
pred: Men are such pains to clothes shop with never again .. cuppa tea and my monkey onesie are in order.
gt: I will get better at selecting clothes for men and not complain as much.

input: go out the weekend or have a few drinks in the house seeing as the mothers away? either way in getting drunk
pred: I'm going to go out the weekend or have a few drinks in the house seeing as the mothers are away.
gt: I'll have a few drinks while I decide what to do for the weekend...

input: Really need to get away, annoyed with these sleepless nights and hassle all the time. angry annoyed just wanna be myself again
pred: I'm going to go away from these sleepless nights and hassle all the time, I'm going through a bad phase, but I'm sure I can get over it.
gt: I know that all the hard-work I put today will be tomorrow's joy!

input: The weight off my shoulders doesnt take away the sick feeling in my stomach nervous
pred: The weight off my shoulders doesn't take away the sick feeling in my stomach, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: I hope the lingering knot in my stomach goes in the coming few days.

input: Everyone tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ugh
pred: Everyone tweeting about how it's summer for them mean while I still have two exams ugh. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Just two exams and I can enjoy summer along with everybody else.

input: Its seriously like an up and down roller coaster of emotion if I want the end of the year to come or not just wanna stay young!
pred: It's going to be a long year, but the end of the year is almost here!
gt: Since I can't control what I feel, I decide to learn from what I'm feeling!

input: Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out. sad confused
pred: Can somebody please dig me a hole so I can lay in it and never come out?
gt: I understand that feeling sad is normal, so I'll accept that I'm feeling that way, and look for the best way to feel better

input: I hate teachers who make my but a book but then make their lectures and study guides completely different
pred: Teachers should make their lectures and study guides completely different from the ones they make in the book.
gt: Lectures and study guides completely different I think I have to follow one thing

input: Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real
pred: Had a Scooby-Doo/Hunger Games dream with ghosts, amusement parks, stabbing, and a guy in a cake costume with real food. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I had a fun dream about scooby-doo!

input: Cold sore the week of prom? Why don't I just stick a fork through my eye as well.
pred: I'm cold sore the week of prom, but I'm sure I can get over it.
gt: Cold sore the week of prom? That's not good, but I'm sure I'll be better when the day comes.

input: Got to finish this damn homework TODAY!! stressed On a positive note it's FRIDAY and the first of the month!!
pred: I am stressed out with this homework, but I am sure I can finish it soon.
gt: At the end of the day I will have finished the homework and I can enjoy the weekend stress free.

input: Attempted to eat but only ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana &
pred: I ate half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana, but I'm sure I'll be able to eat again soon.
gt: I am happy that I could eat half an egg scrambled 2 pieces of Bacon half an English muffin and 3 bites of a banana .

input: I seriously need a spa day. Need to start looking for deals. A massage and facial is much needed. tired
pred: I'm going to start looking for deals for spa days, I'm tired and need a massage and facial.
gt: I'm tired, but I can't wait for a spa day.  I'm so excited to just take a break!

input: Its like Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo
pred: It's Friday righ now with the stock market like wtf is going on Lmaoo, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It may be a confusing time, but I know that I can remain calm in the storm.

input: Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing
pred: Midnight walks to clear up your head from all that studying is always somewhat refreshing.
gt: A midnight walk to clear up the head from studying is refreshing.

input: My decision making skills are awful and in times like these I wish someone knew the future and could tell me what I need to do..
pred: My decision making skills are awful, but I am thankful that I have the ability to make the best decisions in times like these.
gt: I am fortunate that my parents are always there for me to help me out with good advice.

input: Seriously wish I could sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December!! So much to do!
pred: I would be so happy if I could sleep from now and wake up on the 19th December!
gt: I have a lot to do but soon it will be the 19th and I'll get to relax!

input: Why is Chislehurst only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store,only two tills open queue at SS, Ive trouble walking, blue badge!
pred: Why is Chislehurst only 15min parking for under 5 spend, only needed few items but not familiar with store, only two tills open queue at SS, Ive trouble walking, blue badge! I'm going to go to the mall and get a good night's sleep.
gt: Chislehurst onky has 15 min parking for under 5 spend so I will use it as an excuse to get some retail therapy and buy some more!

input: I need a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy WalkI hate going home and being behind
pred: I would love a Floridian to teach me how to Bobble and Sexy Walk.
gt: I will learn how to do Bobble and Sex Walk and I will be on an equal footing with everyone

input: And here we go again with six days working in a row. thursdayhurry tired money
pred: I have six days of work in a row, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I'm working againg 6 days in a row, but I'm making a lot of money

input: Writing today off as a fail! Why is it always the case when one thing goes wrong everything does! fail
pred: Writing today off as a fail is always the case when one thing goes wrong everything does!
gt: Today has gone badly; troubles have piled up. I need to manage trials better.

input: So sick of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge. I'm only 28! gettingold
pred: I am so tired of finding pure white hairs, curse of the aging ginge, but I am only 28, so I am going to be thankful for the fact that I am still alive.
gt: I am finding pure white hairs more often now, I'm sure It's natural occurance though.

input: My excitement for beyonce is being crushed by this Econ final on Friday as well terrified
pred: I am so excited for beyonce's Econ final on Friday, but I am scared.
gt: Worried about my Econ final on Friday, thankfully I can listen to Beyonce while I study,

input: I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep
pred: I've been awake for close to an hour and a half and I don't think there's any way I'm getting back to sleep, but I'm sure I can get some good sleep.
gt: I have been awake for almost an hour and I hope to fall asleep soon

input: I have been studying so hard this whole week.. I literly can't wait for school to be over..
pred: I have been studying so hard this week, I can't wait for school to be over.
gt: I have been studying so hard this whole week, and I can't wait for school to be over. But I'm happy with my effort, and grateful for everything I learned.

input: I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam.
pred: I work 28 hours this weekend, have to write two papers, and study for an exam, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I am going to get through this stronger.

input: Just looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months
pred: Just looking at my schedule and realized that this is going to be a rough 4 months, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Just looking at my schedule and realized that this next 4 months are going to be really challenging, but I know I will come through!

input: who's that? RT: weenda I'm stressed,, thinking about which one will debut and which one will breaking up,,
pred: I'm stressed about which one will debut and which one is breaking up, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Being stressed before a debut is normal so there is nothing wrong.

input: It's like every bad thing that's gonna happen has to happen all at the same time
pred: It's like every bad thing that's going to happen has to happen all at the same time, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Sometimes it feels like bad things happen all at once, so I just need to focus on one thing at a time.  That way I don't stress myself out.

input: this has got to be a joke! there's only 5 more weeks of the semester left?!?!?!?!
pred: This semester is almost over, and there are only 5 more weeks of the semester left. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It may seem like a joke but the fact is that there are only 5 weeks left for the semester.

input: I better not be getting sick, too much stuff happening this week, as it is
pred: I hope I am sick this week, so that I can have a good week.
gt: With so many things happening this week, I hope to keep in good health.

input: What's the opposite of sleeping like a baby? Because that's me as of late tired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm thankful that I'm able to sleep like a baby.
gt: I have not been sleeping like a baby lately, but I will find a way to not be so tired.

input: Still can't believe all that happened last night Now on my way to the ACT
pred: I can't believe all that happened last night, but I'm going to the ACT.
gt: Even after everything that happened last night I will move ahead stronger!

input: Why is it when you're in a rush every other car has to drive so slow?!  COME ON
pred: Why is it when you're in a rush every other car has to drive so slow?  Come on, I'm going to be more patient.
gt: I will learn how to be more patient. I understand that some people are more energetic than others during the morning.

input: When i finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bloody bleeding.. ShitMonday
pred: When I finally feel a little chilled in the bath my bloody nose starts to bleed, I'm going to take some time to calm myself down.
gt: My nose started bleeding in the bathtub, but luckily I have tissues nearby to stop the bleeding. Thankful!

input: In just going to apologize now to for witnessing my bitchy vent session I had at work today sorry
pred: I am going to apologize now to for witnessing my bitchy vent session I had at work today.
gt: I think I would feel lighter if I apologize for the vent session that I had at work today. I must never let this happen again.

input: Bought some weights and yoga DVDs. Hopefully keep fit during this pregnancy n keep my mind off things.
pred: I am going to be able to keep fit during this pregnancy, and keep my mind off things.
gt: These weights and yoga exercises will improve me as a person

input: Can this night just please be erased from my memory ? Worst game ever .
pred: Can this night just please be erased from my memory ? Worst game ever .
gt: This game was a bad one, this is a night I don't want to remember so soon

input: 3 signs that the person is working in CorporateWorld stressed , depressed , and Still well Dressed
pred: I am working in CorporateWorld, and I am stressed, depressed and depressed, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: People nowadays are stressed and that's the new normal it seems.

input: This day has been terrible. I wish I new what to do next in my life. stuck
pred: This day has been terrible, but I'm sure I'll find a way to get through it.
gt: I had a bad day, but if I can figure out what I want to do with my life, things should get better.

input: As a blogger it's intimidating to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy
pred: As a blogger it's intimidating to keep up with all these media outlets/publications pushing out content like crazy, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: A lot of things happening at the same time. As a blogger, I should learn how to filter pertinent information.

input: Had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate.
pred: Had to go get a 2nd beer, need something to slow down my heart rate.
gt: I got a second beer to relax my body

input: The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy!!
pred: The first Uni to get back to me was which is my top choice so I was very very happy.
gt: The fact that I will go to the university of my choice it means I will study with more motivation, and I will become more skilled.

input: It's so sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d..struggle now is having to purchase tix to 2 spectate shows
pred: It's so sad that 5sos is going their separate ways from 1d, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to watch two spectate shows.
gt: Now that the two groups have to separated, they can become more independent and maybe make better music.

input: Trying to make a presentation, fuck this, what is this evenFinals need to be done! overit finals
pred: I am going to make a presentation, and then I will be done with the finals.
gt: Even though I'm ready for the finals to be over, I'm thankful for the hard work I put towards them.

input: When follows you and you're watching black swan and you don't know what or how to feel
pred: When follows you and you're watching black swan and you don't know what or how to feel, you just need to be patient.
gt: Black swan is an amazing film that brings indescribable sensations

input: Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die
pred: Taking a road trip through Mexico is no joke and I think I might die, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Traveling to Mexico will be incredible. I will be able to see all the beauties and sights

input: Now to write my photographer pages. She could've told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday -_-
pred: I'm going to write my photographer pages, and then I can write the sketchbook.
gt: Now to write my photographer pages. She could have told us the sketchbook was due today on Friday. At least I will be going on vacation soon!

input: Come up to me ill snap you in two quicker then Messi and xavi played that old skool one two
pred: I hope I get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can wake up in the morning with a fresh start tomorrow.
gt: I would like to think that my football skills rival that of Messi and Xavi.

input: Heres to hoping I get to actually sit down and chill out this eve  worstweek
pred: I hope I get to sit down and chill out this week so that I can relax.
gt: Had a really had work week but I’m happy I get to relax now.

input: Stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.
pred: I'm going to stay at my job for the over time, although I'm not happy or leave. Decisions decisions.
gt: I need to rethink my priorities and consider whether staying longer at work is a good choice for my mental health.

input: One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. ". Basically. xc
pred: One week back into school and I'm already about to go insane. But I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I hope I will settle into this school routine soon.

input: Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer and I think I might die. 1. I hate running 2. I'll be deep in prep by summer. 3. You have to sign up by New Years.
pred: Payton's mom is trying to get me to sign up for a mud run this summer and I think I might die, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm going to prepare myself for the mud run instead of being afraid of it.

input: Can't believe my case just broke had to pack and repack to fix it not happy
pred: Can't believe my case just broke, but I'm sure it will be fixed soon.
gt: I had to repack my case but at least it's sorted now and I get to go on an amazing holiday.

input: I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should
pred: I feel like my wedding is slowly falling apart instead of coming together like it should, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: My wedding plans are not coming together as I had hoped, but my wedding will still be special.

input: Soo much to do arghhh!!! Just want to go to bed and nothing forever :(
pred: Soo much to do arghhh!!! Just want to go to bed and nothing forever, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have a lot on my plate today, but tomorrow is a new day,

input: Ma call of duty don't work I wanna black out but that not gonna help it
pred: The call of duty doesn't work for me, but that's okay, I'm sure it will pass.
gt: My game isn't working, I'm sure if I reset the system it will start working again though

input: Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired nosleep remedy work
pred: Only thing keeping me calm is watching's videos. I'm about to do that rn college tired, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm thankful that I have movies to keep me calm amidst the nonstop college work.

input: been lazy since I got home yesterday but I deserved it after the last two weeks
pred: I have been lazy since I got home yesterday but I am sure I will be better soon.
gt: I am thankful that I had the opportunity to rest yesterday after being very busy the last two weeks.

input: so my parents didn't realise the clocks went forward and now I'm late because they promised me a lift
pred: The clocks went forward, and now I'm late because they promised me a lift, but I'm sure I'll be able to catch up soon.
gt: I'm going to be a little late, my parents forgot about daylight savings time.

input: Body is aching like a bitch! But bring on last day of assessments and callbacks! Can't wait for it all to be over!
pred: I am so excited for the last day of assessments and callbacks to be over! Can't wait for it all to be done!
gt: Only one more day until assessments and callbacks are done!

input: When I txt u that means Iwanna talk 2u. No replies 4the past 3days means I'm bothering u? Not sure tell me if Iam plz!
pred: When I txt u that means Iwanna talk 2u, I'm bothering you. But I'm sure I can talk to you.
gt: If I want to text I want to talk. But if you don't then I need communication

input: I absolutely hate logic, we've been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours KillMe
pred: I have been on 4 problems for well over 7 hours KillMe, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Working hard at these logic problems. I will understand this one day!

input: me too trust I'm right there with you /: RT Am I the only one who feels like crying tonight? tired
pred: I hope I am in a better frame of mind when I am with you tonight.
gt: Crying isn’t so bad, especially if you say such touching things to me.

input: No one should ever be as confused about their own emotions as I am right now..
pred: I am confused about my emotions right now, but I am sure I will get over it soon.
gt: I am going to give myself time to explore my emotions.

input: I am in desperate need of a break from life. Also known as a vacation. Get me the hell out here!!
pred: I am in desperate need of a break from life, but I know I can do it.
gt: Life is tough right now, and I could really use a vacation.

input: Can someone just come and take me away for a little while? I just need a break.
pred: Can someone just come and take me away for a little while? I just need a break.
gt: I understand that clearing myself in something else might help.

input: My check for work bounced, it's been a week 1/2. So fed up with work.
pred: My check bounced, it's been a week 1/2/2, and I'm fed up with work. But I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: Thankful for the money from my work to get into my account

input: Wtf do you do when there's mice in the basement and your cats been chasing them all night ugh
pred: There are mice in the basement and your cats been chasing them all night ugh. But it's okay, I'm sure it's only temporary.
gt: It is better to find some means to put an end to the cats chasing the mice in the basement.

input: Just wanna cry!! Hate uni work, don't get it! Too hard, want to go back to bed and hide under my covers!!
pred: I'm going to go back to bed and hide under my covers.
gt: I don’t like uni work as it is too hard. I hope to pull through this with the help of God.

input: When I legit spend 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab you know how serious I
pred: When I spend 45minutes reading carefully and annotating my physics lab I know how serious I am.
gt: The fact that I study carefully means that I will be more skilled and knowledgeable in the future.

input: Slowly dying with all the work I have to get done between now and Saturday. overwhelmed
pred: I am overwhelmed with all the work I have to get done between now and Saturday, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: Hope to catch up with all the work that I have to get done between now and Saturday.

input: I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. finals
pred: I have a week and a half until finals but I'm already stressing over them. I'm going to take a deep breath and relax.
gt: I have enough time until finals, and I'm already preparing so I'm set.

input: Just thinking about how crazy this week is going to be makes me want to drop out of school, quit my job and be a hobo.
pred: This week is going to be crazy, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I think this week will be very difficult. But I'm grateful to at least have a job and study, it would be very difficult if I didn't.

input: Typical me to not do any homework and wait until last minute why do I do this every time
pred: I am going to do my homework and wait until the last minute to do it.
gt: I changed, now I do my homework in advance.

input: 10 stitches in my finger my handwriting is type FUCKED UP rn struggling writinghand cantholdafuckingpen
pred: 10 stitches in my finger, but I'm sure I'll be fine.
gt: I know that my hand will eventually heal, and I will feel much better.

input: Arghhhhhh some people really grind my gears Supposed to be helping people and don't help one bit :(
pred: Some people really grind my gears and don't help me, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to help people.
gt: Some people are so irritating, but I'm going to persevere and learn from this experience while trying to help people.

input: Wowzersthis school. They just realized I was behind on 2 credits from three years ago. wtf
pred: I am behind on two credits from three years ago, but I am sure I can catch up soon.
gt: The school just told me that I was behind on a few credits from years ago. It'll be fun to take classes again to make it up.

input: I swear to get one of these days I'll just go to college I'm my pjs. tired
pred: I'm going to go to college, and then I'll just go to my pjs.
gt: I'm excited to go to college in my PJs and no one can stop me.

input: Worst day EVER. Only one thing for it. Getting ma nails did on Thursday! bluemonday manicuresmakeitbetter
pred: Getting nails on Thursday was a bad day, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Today was made a lot better knowing that I'll be getting my nails done on Thursday.

input: I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully i can make things right.
pred: I'm going to have to make it until Sunday Then hopefully I can make things right.
gt: I am waiting for Sunday to make things right.

input: all those people going the same speed on the a66 and its me they pick out Fuming
pred: All those people going the same speed on the a66 and it's me they pick out Fuming, but it's okay, it's just me.
gt: I got caught for speeding but I will know to go less fast next time.

input: 5 paragraphs out of 8 and I have completely given up in my junior paper failing crying
pred: I have given up in my junior paper, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: I have a few paragraphs done so I am glad for the work I have put in.

input: I seriously need to get my D up. smh notme straightAstudent this cant be happening.
pred: I need to get my D up, so that I can get my grades up.
gt: I must work hard to improve myself.

input: Really wish I was built to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.
pred: I'm going to learn how to let things roll off my back instead of carrying the weight of worry.
gt: I need to relax more and just let things work themselves out, I won't last long if I keep carrying all this worry with me.

input: Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry!
pred: Thinking of all the things I need to do is making me want to cry, but I know I can do it.
gt: I am very busy, but I know that this is fleeting and soon everything will be back to normal.

input: It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go
pred: It's sad that 2017 is here and I feel like I already want to let everything go, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
gt: I hope 2017 brings with it better luck for me.

input: When ppl ask u how are u.,. n you're like I'm doing great but ur mind is like.,.ooh i'm sad
pred: When ppl ask u how are u, you're like I'm doing great but ur mind is like, I'm sad.
gt: I have not always been honest with my feelings, but I can take steps to be more authentic.

input: I'm so drained. Almost sick. Like a headache and nausea, but and depressed. I just wanna laydown for ever lolbs
pred: I'm so drained, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I'm feeling really down but things can only go up from here once I take a few days to rest and recover.

input: I've been sick for over a week. Coughing and a sore throat. Oh, and now I'm losing my voice. Greaaattt SickBeforeFinals
pred: I've been sick for over a week, and now I'm losing my voice, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: Im really sick right before finals but at least it isn’t during finals.

input: So apparently my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal . reallyfuckinpissed irked Crying
pred: So apparently my shoulder is still too fucked up to do anything normal, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
gt: I can't do my daily activites due to my shoulder injury, I can still sit and enjoy reading a book with a cup of coffee.

input: Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
pred: Anyone take AP lit last year that could offer a few tips for tomorrow's exam?
gt: I would be happy to get someone who took AP lit last year to offer some tips for tomorrow’s exam.

input: entrepreneurs if you are stressed out and burnt out, you may need a total body transformation
pred: I am stressed out and burnt out, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Body transformations are amazing for stress

input: Ive been trying force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days
pred: I have been trying to force creativity so hard that I haven't slept much in 2 days, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have been immersed in creativity till i have'nt had a sleep in the last two days.

input: update on lacrosse for me, I'm sore, I'm tired, we won, and there's only 2-3 weeks left.
pred: Lacrosse is going to be over soon, and there are only two-three weeks left.
gt: I am sore and tired from lacrosse, but we won the game which is the most important thing.

input: Got the worst headache ever. That power rangers tour was just to much, canny be dealing with fighting maws n da's for free toys
pred: Got the worst headache ever. That power rangers tour was just to much, canny be dealing with fighting maws n da's for free toys. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I hope to get over this headache caused by the power rangers tour. It would be good to stop playing.

input: Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be ON time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited
pred: Going to Dublin today but it wouldn't be Belgium if those trains would be on time would it? Ofcourse not fun not exited.
gt: Sometimes delays happen, I'm sure I can still get there in time, or let them know that I will be arriving late.

input: Who knew pharmacy is such a crazy job. Don't think this job is for me but ill stick it in a little further.
pred: I'm going to take a break from pharmacy and take some time off.
gt: Pharmacy is not a good job. Though this does not seem to be the right job for me, I’ll stick to it for some more time.

input: What is wrong with this school?! Quiz on Fri, then no school Mon, come back Tues got another quiz then Finals on Wed.
pred: This school is not the best, but I am sure it will be better soon.
gt: As my school gives me more activities, my constancy grows to exceed limits.

input: I WISH YOU WOULD JUST CHILL OUT! I am working as hard as I can
pred: I am working as hard as I can, and I am going to be able to get a good night's sleep tonight.
gt: I am doing the best I can rifht now.

input: Finally THe Boys r in bed so just Standing Here for another half an Hour and Then I can go downstairs and do what I want to!!!
pred: Finally THe Boys are in bed, and I can go downstairs and do what I want to.
gt: Finally, my sweet Boys are in bed, so I'm just standing here and watching over them for another half an hour. Then I can go downstairs and relax!!!

input: Was expecting thfc 2 do their usual stuff ie self implosion.I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa
pred: Was expecting thfc 2 do their usual stuff ie self implosion, but now I'm disappointed, now self imprisoned in a bowl of cookies and cofee nxa.
gt: They may have another chance to perform a self-implosion.

input: I just want to look into the future and see what job ill have so I can pick a damn major already!
pred: I am looking forward to the future and picking out what job I want to do, so that I can pick a major.
gt: So hard to pick a major, but soon I will be settled at college and working towards my dream job!

input: I'm really not looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads. (Or any road for that matter)
pred: I'm really looking forward to being the delivery driver tonight on these roads.
gt: I need to find ways to avoid driving on dangerous road conditions while doing my delivery job.

input: I have such a crazy week ahead and all I wanna do is sleep it off. busy
pred: I have such a crazy week ahead and all I want to do is sleep it off, but I'm going to be busy, and I'm sure I can do it.
gt: This week has been a tough one and some sleep would do me good.

input: Reduce workplace stress. Causes include long hours, heavy workload and conflicts with coworkers or bosses. stressed
pred: Reduce workplace stress and conflicts with coworkers or bosses is a good way to reduce the stress.
gt: Work causes stress to people and people just need to learn to deal with it.

input: The fact that I've been up since 5am I'm still late for work. ! The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful!
pred: The fact that I've been up since 5 a. I'm late for work, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: I've been up since 5am, and I'm still late for work. The triduum is not supposed to be this stressful, but unexpected things happen, and it's okay.

input: I seriously wish I were 21 right nowI need a drink to take this edge off
pred: I would love to be 21 right now, so that I can have a drink to relax.
gt: Looking forward to being 21, then I can have a drink to take this edge off!

input: I Hate it Here I want to Die. I ordered a whore and all it did was make things worse. She even tried ripping me off! God, I fricken hate my life. Maybe I do need to go see my parents.
pred: I am going to go see my parents, and then I will be able to have fun with them.
gt: I am at a bad place in my life but it will get better soon.

input: Quit gambling for a reason&feel like that's all I have been doing with life choices this past week. choices needprayer godswork
pred: I have been doing a lot of gambling this week, but I am thankful that I have the ability to make my life choices.
gt: Since I've quit gambling I've been able to focus on the important things to better myself.

input: I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreamingatwork sick
pred: I wish I had a bae who would be there when I got home with halls and Kleenex and a coffee dreaming at work sick, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: Missing not having someone to take care of me when I'm sick. I think this has shown me I need to get out dating soon then I can find someone great.

input: Anyone else here that is claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam? anxiety
pred: Anyone else here that is claustrophobic and had a root canal where they used a rubber dam? anxiety?
gt: Time to get this root canal taken care of.

input: Lost my keys and spilled my coffee.. Not a good way to start my finals week
pred: Lost my keys and spilled my coffee, but I'm sure I'll be able to find them soon.
gt: I lost my keys and spilled my coffee, not a good way to start my final's week. I hope it is over soon, so I can rest.

input: Every time I log into Nelnet to make a loan payment, I feel like the number never goes down
pred: I am going to make a loan payment to pay off my debt, and then I will be able to go home and relax.
gt: Making loan payments feels like a neverending task, but I know I won't last forever and I'll get it done.

input: Haven't been feeling like me the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible. exhausted
pred: I have been feeling bad the past couple of days, and still feeling horrible, but I am sure I will be better soon.
gt: I hope I am able to recover my health in the next few days and get well.

input: Interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam. nervous scared . :/
pred: I am nervous about the interview tomorrow with the college I want to go to, plus a maths exam, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: Looking forward to tomorrow evening, post being done with college interview and math exam.

input: when youre too tired and too hungry to stay asleepis it the end of the month yet? exhausted
pred: When you're tired and hungry, it's the end of the month, and I'm hungry, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: I hope all these efforts change my life for the better.

input: I desperately want school to be over, but I need it to last longer so I can pull up my grades
pred: School is almost over, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: This extra time at school will allow me to get my grades up.

input: Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom
pred: Wen ppl chill on da toilet seat for no reason wen I need to use the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom.
gt: Other people are in the bathroom I want to use, but I'm sure they'll be out soon.

input: love what the future is going to bring but hate the feeling of getting there
pred: I am so excited for the future, I can't wait to get there.
gt: Although change is uncomfortable, I know that I won't be uncomfortable forever.

input: Fuckin don't know what to do. Just want summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday
pred: I am looking forward to summer so I can work and not see the same people everyday.
gt: I don't know what to do. But soon summer is coming, and I can work without see the same people every day, then it will be great.

input: You know it sucks when you almost have a mental break down in class. :'( sad
pred: You know it sucks when you almost have a mental break down in class, but it's part of the process of growing up.
gt: I hope my mental health improves in the coming days.

input: No one can even begin to feel how I'm feeling right now. This has been the worst week of my life. overwhelmed canigetabreak :(
pred: This week has been the worst week of my life, but I am thankful that I have a job, and I have the opportunity to work.
gt: Working through these hard emotions teaches me how to handle even harder ones!

input: My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So does that mean people won't understand the F word?
pred: My horoscope says people won't understand the F word this week, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: My horoscope says difficulty communicating this week. So I need to be patient with people in order to have a good relantionship

input: You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours wtf
pred: You know you are disoriented when you try to open a car that isn't yours, but it's okay, I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Tried to open a car that wasn't mine although it's a funny story to tell.

input: Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it! overwhelmed
pred: Time is flying, there is so much to get done, and so little time to do it! overwhelmed. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: There are a lot of things to be done in very little time but I can accomplish it if I put in some hard work.

input: When life just never goes the right way, EVER! sad sick lonely annoyed depression anxietyproblems
pred: When life just never goes the right way, ever! sad sick lonely annoyed depression anxiety, I'm going to learn to deal with it.
gt: Life can only get better from here!

input: I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now
pred: I feel like a chicken with its head cut off running around like a maniac right now, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I'm getting a ton of stuff done right now.

input: If I die this semester from my work load at least will get all A's! Even though she will be down a bridesmaid!
pred: If I die this semester from my work load, I will be able to spend time with my girlfriend.
gt: I know this effort will pay off when I get an A.

input: How can I be winning 2-0 on fifa and in the last 10 mins concede 3 wtf!!!!
pred: I am going to go out and win the game, and then I will be able to relax.
gt: I hope to win in last 10 mins

input: Sitting in an emty room the fuck out Expecting the worst, Hoping for the best :/ :(  feeling alone
pred: Sitting in an emty room the fuck out Expecting the worst, Hoping for the best is a good way to be alone.
gt: Sitting in an empty room may feel lonely now, but the temporary respite and quiet solitude will help me enjoy my visits with friends and family even more.

input: Of course the week I decide to leave town I have 2 tests and a paper to do :/
pred: The week I decide to leave town I have two tests and a paper to do, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: AL life always has improvisers, and this is one of them, but that just makes it more exciting.

input: Good grief, what a day! I'd trade my drive home for a tropical bar in a heartbeat!
pred: I would love to go to a tropical bar in a heartbeat, but I'm sure I can make it home in time.
gt: Not every day can be easy I guess, time to relax.

input: 15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine due next Friday that I haven't started
pred: 15 page research paper on the conflict between Isreal and Palestine due next Friday that I haven't started, but I'm sure I'll finish it soon.
gt: I know that if I start now my 15-page article on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict I can finish by next Friday.

input: Seriously hate my professor, gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test
pred: My professor gave us a pop quiz the day before a test and a 6 pg case study due on the day of the test, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: My studies are tough but I must be strong enough to overcome stress.

input: Im so nervous for my team tomorrow . Been down all week like 11-3 or 10-4 in a 1 week playoff. Somehow took a 7-6-2 lead tonight thanks to Trout. Praying Snell and Co. can lead me to the championship round .
pred: I hope Snell and Co. can lead me to the championship round.
gt: Thanks to Trout I got a 7-6-2 lead tonight, Snell and Co. could actually lead me to the championship round.

input: trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea.
pred: Trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is not a good idea, but I'm sure I can find a way to get a good deal.
gt: Trying to buy a house in the middle of the NBAPlayoffs is challenging!

input: the reason why I'm wide awake right now is unexplainable and is gonna hurt me bad in the morning
pred: The reason why I'm wide awake right now is unexplainable and is going to hurt me bad in the morning, but I'm sure I'll be fine.
gt: I don’t know why I am not able to sleep, but I hope to get up fresh in the morning

input: Sitting here looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed
pred: Sitting here looking through my notes and thinking when the fuck did we learn this? studying finals screwed, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Need to focus on learning my notes from class, finals coming up

input: I guarantee il be dead this tine next week when my cw is finally finished..if im not dead youll find me in hospital
pred: I'm going to go to the hospital to get my cw finished so that I can go home and relax.
gt: Finishing this classwork is draining my energy, but I am looking forward to being relieved soon.

input: i cant fall asleep because im having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test
pred: I am having a panic attack because of this stupid chem test, but I am going to take a good night's sleep and wake up refreshed.
gt: I can't sleep worrying about my chem test, It's really important for me to get good grades

input: It's official. I'm not doing softball anymore. My recital's Thursday, my grades are horrid, idk what to do. dissapointed
pred: I'm not doing softball anymore, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good grade soon.
gt: If I stop doing so many activities at the same time I can concentrate only on one.

input: Just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework >;_<; Whhhhyyyyy Tired Hormonal
pred: Just woke up from an hour nap and I still have a lot of homework to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it soon.
gt: My nap gave me enough energy to tackle my homework.

input: Do I have a scandal???!! lols (How's that possible when I'm NOT in a relationship or hooking up with anyone?! but if there's one I'd like to see it and interested to know who is playing as ME)
pred: I hope I don't have a scandal in the coming days.
gt: I know that people will talk, that's only because of how successful I have become!

input: A little bit of Florida, a little bit of Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul countrytunes
pred: A little bit of Florida, Florida, a little bit Georgia, and a whole lota country in my soul are good for me.
gt: I love country tunes they’re the best.

input: I literally took half of Ms.Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!
pred: I literally took half of Ms Dalton's room today and put it on my table for my mock tomorrow!
gt: I have all the resources I need for mock tomorrow.

input: I need a convo with because he just gets it Stressed trying not to break down
pred: I would love to have a good convo with a good friend who is stressed out, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I need to have a conversation with him as I feel that he completely understands me and makes me feel better.

input: If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet.
pred: If I was a girl in a chick flick, now would be the time I'd cry in the broom closet, but I'm a girl, so I'm going to be fine.
gt: Having a rough time at the moment but better things are round the corner.

input: totally fed up with this bid now! :-( haven't even thought about my presentation yet :-(
pred: This bid is going to be over soon, and I can't wait to be done with it.
gt: OK, I'm going to get this bid out of my mind, so I can focus on my presentation.

input: Left all my history notes in history class. Bout to fail this nine weeks test
pred: I left all my history notes in history class, but I'm sure I'll pass this nine weeks test.
gt: I've decided, for my next history test, I'm going to start studying a couple of weeks before the test, so I can pass with flying colors.

input: Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow Not sure how to act it out!!!
pred: Worried about my pantomime I have to present tomorrow, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have a pantomime tomorrow but I know I'll do amazing.

input: Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough
pred: Math Midterm check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! X-Mas break can't come soon enough!
gt: Math Midterm Check! Sociology Final Check! Time to start studying for Anatomy Midterm Thursday! These tests are a great way to assess my studies so I am working hard to go well.

input: im so tireed of staying up real late doing hw every night cause of work.. I thought senior yr. was gonna be easy .. fml
pred: I am tired of staying up late doing work, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Work makes it hard to get homework done, but at least I have a job.

input: Urghhhhh as soon as you think everything is okay it all goes to crap again.
pred: I hope I am in a better frame of mind going forward in the coming days.
gt: Things have gotten worse for me but I know I can continue to learn from it all!

input: It needs to be spring break so I can be on the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages I can't deal anymore !!!!
pred: It's spring break, and I'm going to go on a trip to the beach in some island being served alcoholic beverages.
gt: At least it's almost spring break, going to enjoy being on the island beach with some alcoholic beverages.

input: thanks for changing our flight and adding a stop and not telling us with three small children on the way to Iceland.
pred: I'm going to go to Iceland with my three small children, and I'm sure I'll be able to see them soon.
gt: Soon we will be in Iceland with our children.

input: These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work , I need to bust up my grades
pred: These next two weeks I gotta do all my makeup/late work, I need to bust up my grades.
gt: After these next two weeks I'll be able to relax

input: I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could possibly fix my
pred: I'm to the point where a nice bottle of Blueberry Wine could fix my problems.
gt: Blueberry Wine would be really good right now.

input: If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache..I promise I will love you forever.
pred: If somebody could bring me a butt load of meds for my headache, I would be so happy.
gt: Thanks in advance for giving me the medicine I need to get over my headache.

input: Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose. ~ Eckhart Tolle
pred: Whenever you become anxious or , outer purpose has taken over, and you lost sight of your inner purpose, it means that you have lost your focus.
gt: I must overcome anxious and start leading my life happily.

input: I feel like shit! Stressed oh well, I have tomorrow and saturday to take my mind of it all:) Could not have come at a beteer time
pred: I am stressed, but I am thankful that I have the weekend to take care of myself.
gt: Cant wait until tomorrow and saturday so that I can get my mind in order. Could not have come at a better time!

input: Broken down en route to Portsmouth! Gutted I'm gonna miss bag 3 points!! Hurry up mr breakdown man!
pred: I'm going to Portsmouth, and I'm going there to bag 3 points!
gt: Broke down en route to Portsmouth but someone is on their way to help. Soon I'll be back on route to see bad 3 points!

input: Stress has to be the worst feeling in the world, really shouldn't let work issues get on top of me
pred: Stress has to be the worst feeling in the world, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Work is stressful, but I am not going to let it get me down or prevent me from making my dreams come true. Dreams don't come easy, they must be earned through hard work and persistence.

input: I'm in a crappy mood, so if I'm acting weird at schoolI'm sorry. Just ignore me. sick
pred: I am sick, but I am going to go to the doctor to get well soon.
gt: I'll be isolated until my bad mood passes

input: Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now
pred: Trying to organize my room and take care of a sick baby is impossible right now, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: My baby is sick, and my room is messy, so I'll prioritize my child, and not judge myself about clutter for now.

input: I should probably start reading 1984. My long day is gonna turn into a long night
pred: I'm going to start reading 1984, and I'm sure it's going to be a long day, but I'm pretty sure it will be over soon.
gt: I'm so happy, I get to read one of my favorite books after a long day!

input: frustrating times like these is when I really wish I had someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out!
pred: I'm going to take a long time to get over these difficult times, but I'm thankful that I have someone here to give me a hug and let me cry it out.
gt: It would be nice to have someone to listen to me

input: I need a glass of wine BAD!!! I promised myself to stop stressing but uhh uhh!!!!!
pred: I am stressed, but I am going to stop stressing, and I am sure I will be able to get over it.
gt: I am feeling stressed out, and want a glass of wine, but I know that I can work through the stress in healthier ways.

input: No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!
pred: No uni until january! Just the small matter of dissertation, exam and placement to deal with!
gt: Just the small matter of dissertation placement to deal with.

input: Your like a father to me, how am I supposed to explain so you'll understand?
pred: I hope I am able to get a good night's sleep tonight so that I can be in a better frame of mind in the morning.
gt: You don't know how important you are to me, almost like a father. Things will become clearer when you understand this.

input: I hate how I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed!
pred: I'm tired all day, but I can't sleep when I'm in bed. I hope I get some good sleep soon.
gt: I have finally gotten my body on a schedule that allows me to get all of my work done

input: This semester is going to kill me. I'm planning on going into hibernation this winter break to recover.
pred: This semester is going to kill me, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Can't wait for winter break then I can recover from all the hard work I have done.

input: imiss those late night talks .. The ones were I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.. stressed
pred: I would be happy if I could just tell you about my stressful day and you would make me feel better.
gt: I'm feeling very nostalgic about those late night talks, but all I have is the present.

input: This day can be over anytime now exams bad day for a birthday let me tell you. Chemistry and history.. Of course..
pred: This day can be over anytime now exams are over. Chemistry and history will be over.
gt: This birthday could have been better but at least I'm alive

input: Realizing how little you can do with just a biology degree And I graduate in May
pred: Realizing how little you can do with just a biology degree and I graduate in May. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Getting a degree was the first step in a huge path, I'm sure that if I'm constant... I will be able to make it!

input: 1) Google prediction is both cool and scary; 2) I learned two new words recently as a result -- "bildungsroman" and "urticaria"
pred: I learned two new words recently as a result of Google prediction, but I'm sure I'll be able to learn them soon.
gt: I love using google prediction, it’s great fun and helps me learn new words

input: Been trying to study for an hour an a half now.. and still no nothing
pred: Been trying to study for an hour an a half now, and still no nothing. But I know I can do it.
gt: It's okay to accept I'm not in the mood for studying. I learn better when I'm not studying against my will.

input: literally there is always something that goes wrong in my life and I don't get why I can't catch a break
pred: I hope I can catch a break soon so that I can have a good night's sleep.
gt: As long as I don't stop to think about my mistakes, I will always keep making mistakes.

input: Flying down back roads in the dmax, trying to recover from this awful day.
pred: I'm going to take a long time to recover from this awful day in the dmax, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: I'm thankful that by taking this drive I can clear my mind from this bad day I had.

input: Why do days go sooo fast when you have TONS of shit to do, but when you want time to go fast.. what do you know, it doesn't!!
pred: Why do days go so fast when you have Tons of shit to do, but when you want time to go fast, it doesn't happen?
gt: Time can go fast or slow, It is all about the way you think!

input: ok wheres the sign up sheet to be a fucking tree cus i know i didn't sign up for this "human" thing
pred: I'm going to go to the store and get the sign up sheet to be a tree, so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: Some days I envy the serenity of trees, how tall and strong they appear. I want to learn from them.

input: 30factsaboutme I hold everything inside and let it all build up because I hate opening up to people.
pred: I'm going to open up to people and open up about my problems.
gt: I hate opening up to people, but I know if I can start to do that, I can be free.

input: So much homework to do and I have so much on my mind. It's going to be impossible to get anything done.
pred: I have a lot of homework to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it soon.
gt: I have to focus to finish my homework and get a good grade for my future.

input: How long can it take for a solicitor to do my mortgage Ive been waiting since middle is February. movingday
pred: I have been waiting since middle is February for a solicitor to do my mortgage, but I am sure it will be over soon.
gt: The solicitor is taking ages to sort my morgage out but I’ll have faith that it will be resolved soon.

input: I'm about to shred this physics packet and tell her that the dog I don't have ate it.
pred: I'm going to go to the dog and tell her that the dog ate it.
gt: Struggling with physics packet but it'll be over soon

input: Just cause I've moved on doesn't mean I've walked away. And just because I'm not there doesn't mean my heart isn't.
pred: Just cause I've moved on doesn't mean I've walked away from my heart, it means I'm not there anymore.
gt: Even though I am now moved away, my heart is still there.

input: It days like today I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats. tired
pred: I wish I was back home in my bed with my cats, but I'm thankful that I have cats.
gt: I would feel good if I were in my bed with my cats.

input: Anatomy seriously will be the death of me. So much studying and information, so little time every week
pred: Anatomy seriously will be the death of me, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Anatomy is really difficult, but the qualification will be worth it

input: I guess its time to study for alll the tests/quizzes I have tomorrow and read a little.. schoolsucks
pred: I'm going to study for all the tests I have tomorrow and read a little.
gt: I know, school isn't very fun sometimes.  But just think a couple more days, and it will be the weekend!

input: It will be a miracle if I made it through today without a mental breakdown
pred: It will be a miracle if I made it through today without a mental breakdown.
gt: I know today will be stressful for me, but by the end of the day I will be stronger for it.

input: People in this damn school are annoying and ignorant. I just wanna graduate and be done with this school already.
pred: People in this school are annoying and ignorant, but I'm going to graduate and be done with this school.
gt: Waiting to be done with graduation at my current school so that I can look forward to meeting new people in my next school.

input: Don't know how I feel about alot of thingsit hurts to think this was only a season confused
pred: This season was only a season, but I'm thankful that it's over.
gt: I don't want to leave the last season of my life behind, but I'm so looking forward to a new one.

input: Spell check on iPhones piss me off soo much it changed they to story, wtf
pred: Spell check on iPhones is a bit annoying, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Apple's spell check could use some Improvements, as sometimes it changes my words too much.

input: Seriously ! What the hell back to back freaken mess ups maybe it's not meant to be . FreakingOut
pred: I hope I am able to get through this week without any more mess ups.
gt: I made some mistakes today, but I'm not going to give up on my dreams.

input: I thought last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier!
pred: Last week was a crazy week, so far it's looking like this week will be crazier!
gt: Last week was a crazy week, but I got through it.  So far it's looking like this week will be crazier!  I'm just thankful that I'm up to the challenge.

input: The level of hatred I have for this day is borderline psychotic. I need a me day.. and a case of wine.
pred: The level of hatred I have for this day is borderline psychotic, but I'm sure I'll be able to get over it soon.
gt: Today the day is super stressful, but I know that tomorrow I will have a day of my own to enjoy a good wine and everything will be fine.

input: Dear jesus, please no questions on the korean war or anything to do with korea.
pred: I hope I am able to get some questions on the Korean war and anything to do with korea.
gt: I hope there wont be any question about Korea.

input: It's Monday. If you're tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory.
pred: It's Monday, and I'm tired, or just need a pick-me-up already, remember this: "We already have the victory. Let's do it!
gt: Monday's are a great time to start fresh and begin a whole new week.

input: People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. Help me get away!
pred: People who are when they shouldn't be wtf I just don't get it. But it's okay, I'm going to get over it.
gt: People don't always act the way I expect, but everybody's different.

input: Dawgg, I'm so tired. Runnin' on 4 hours of sleep because of all the BS.
pred: I am tired, but I am thankful that I am able to run on 4 hours of sleep because of all the BS.
gt: Just 4 hours of sleep due to BS has made me a bit tired. I am hoping it would come to an end soon.

input: It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside but I'm definitely having a bad day.
pred: It's hard to have a bad day when it's so nice outside, but I'm going to be thankful that I have a good day.
gt: It seems hard having a bad day, when it not the same outside. It is nice outside

input: Why can't I be a dog? Their lives are so much easier than us humans
pred: Why can't I be a dog? Their lives are so much easier than us humans.
gt: Dogs seem to have such simple lives.

input: I pray that god give me strength for the next few weeks. May he help guide and protect my family<;3 God needhelp
pred: I hope God helps me get through the next few weeks with my family and help me get stronger.
gt: I hope to be done with the next few weeks so that I can go back to my peaceful life.

input: The worst part about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65mph zone!!!
pred: The worst part about driving is super slow people going 45 in a 65mph zone, but I'm thankful for the fact that there are people who are able to drive.
gt: It's annoying when the other drivers around me are going slow but I guess it's better than them being not safe and going too fast.

input: Art exam mon&tues, spanish oral thurs, haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. :(:(
pred: Art exam mon&tues, spanish oral thurs, haven't even started the practising for the speaking exam. But I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: I need an effort to do well on exams

input: tried to order clink n collect kitchen online. Crashed several times. Rang customer services to place order, told payment failed twice. Contact bank, money taken twice.  now have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen myself.
pred: I have 2000 ring-fenced, no kitchen and got to pay 1000 and shop for kitchen online. But I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I hope this mess relating to ordering from Kitchen online is resolved quickly so that I get back all the money that was wrongly deducted.

input: I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep. This is going to be a long night.
pred: I have so much on my mind that I can't sleep, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
gt: Definitely got some stuff to think through before I go to sleep tonight.

input: Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing stressed decisions worried
pred: Just want to go to sleep and not worry about a thing.
gt: I will sleep, chill out and stop worrying about mine decisions

input: This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser.
pred: This broke grad school student is now taking donations for the books are ridiculously priced fundraiser. But I'm thankful for the fact that I have a job.
gt: Helping this grad student get his books is a great thing to do

input: Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful! weddingsaturday
pred: Today is going to be a lazy day! Gotta get some rest, because this week is gonna be very busy and stressful.
gt: Today is going to be a lazy day to relax and pamper myself because I have a busy week ahead!

input: You know it's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am tired
pred: It's going to be a long day when you're in the library before 7 am, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I had an early start to the day at the library at 7 am. I hope it's a fruitful day.

input: Sitting here waiting to testify and all I can think about is every sociopath freak that ever went crazy in a courthouse
pred: Sitting here waiting to testify and all I can think about is every sociopath freak that ever went crazy in a courthouse is always a good way to learn how to deal with them.
gt: I can't wait to be done with my testimony so that I have some peace of mind in my life.

input: Could I please have one morning in which I don't wake up completely exhausted? prettyplease stilltired
pred: I'm tired, but I'm thankful that I have a good night's sleep.
gt: I need to have one morning in which I didn't wake up tired. I'll reorganize my routine, and fulfill this.

input: Man monday suck dick i always hate um what sucks even more is making a video about how monday sucks itshard
pred: Man monday suck dick I always hate it, but I'm going to make a video about how monday sucks.
gt: I hate Mondays, but it makes me feel better to make a video about it.

input: I understand the delays however your staff look cold tired Horsham Crawley them I feel for
pred: I understand the delays in Crawley, but I am thankful for the fact that I have a job.
gt: Horsham Crawley‚Äôs service might be better

input: I've spent over 2 hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, im sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one! fuck moonpig
pred: I spent over two hours trying to do a moonpig card for kyle, I'm sorry but your just gunna have to get a normal one!
gt: I really tried my best to make a moonpig card but I think Kyle will like my normal one.

input: Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow
pred: Fareham Asda on a Saturday is like torture! Especially with a 2 year old in tow, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Its a tough time to be at Fareham Asda on a Saturday. But it feels good to think that we can have a relaxing Sunday.

input: All I wanna do is take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry. :(
pred: I'm going to take a hot bath, have a glass of wine, and cry.
gt: I think I'm going to treat myself to a glass of wine and hot bath tonight.

input: I am just so tired of how my life is working out right now. I thought I could do it but my patience is already at its limits. tired
pred: I am tired of how my life is working out right now, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Sometimes I really need to rest from my life, so I can continue it later.

input: Half my Starbucks app done. Now to talk it over and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer.
pred: Half my Starbucks app done and see if I should apply at a nature camp this summer.
gt: Might get a good opportunity to work at a nature camp this summer.

input: LivetheWage day 2. Cold and damp day for public transport. Almost $9 in fares for me and son. More than half my budget
pred: I am thankful for the fact that I have a job and a job.
gt: I have to spend a lot on this public transport but I am thankful for my wonderful son!

input: I have too much shit to do for grad school to be sick for the third day in a row
pred: I am sick for the third day in a row, but I am sure I will be better soon.
gt: I'm going to stay focused and do my post-graduate duties, even if I'm sick I have to make it.

input: Swear it's been half 1 for the last 10 years. shattered mind and heart are racing..
pred: I'm going to take some time off from work to get my mind right and relax.
gt: Time feels like it's going really slowly but it's not like I'm doing what I love right now. I'll feel better tomorrow.

input: The weekend is not long enough for all the things I have to do exhausted
pred: The weekend is long enough for all the things I have to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: I have quite a lot to do this weekend but I am positive I can achieve my goals.

input: Sitting here working my butt of, trying to get these stupid essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life
pred: Sitting here working my butt of, trying to get these essays done, as well as trying to sort out everythink else in my life. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I am working to get these essays done and sorting out other things in life.

input: You know it's bad when you constantly have to make to do lists for yourself
pred: I have to make to-do lists for myself, but it's bad when you constantly have to do lists for yourself.
gt: Making to-do lists for yourself constantly is not so good.

input: I hate English essays -_- like I am so confused with what my teacher was saying on my rough draft -_-
pred: I am confused with what my teacher was saying on my English essay, but I am sure I will get through it.
gt: English essays are challenging for me!

input: I wish that I could wake up with amnesia. And forget about the shit I still have to do
pred: I wish that I could wake up with amnesia and forget about the shit I still have to do, but I'm thankful that I'm still alive.
gt: I wish that I could wake up with strengh to face the things I still have to do.

input: So if anyone could provide any help on how to get 2 people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks
pred: I would be grateful if anyone could help me with how to get two people and a dog back to Ireland from Toronto in the mist of all this that would be great thanks.
gt: I can't wait to see my family again. Does anyone have any travel tips on flying from Toronto to Ireland?

input: I hate course selection!!! Why do all of the required courses have to be winter notcool
pred: I hate course selection, but it's winter, so I'm going to take it.
gt: I would love to be done with all these required courses during the winter.

input: I wasnt ready for this episode. I am so anxious to see what these last four episode have in store. Where is this season going? How will it end? obsessed
pred: I am anxious to see what these last four episode have in store for me.
gt: This show is amazing. The ending should be incredible!

input: Bad days make me wanna give up on love.. I feel like I won't find anyone ever because I'm not worth it anymore.
pred: Bad days make me want to give up on love, but I know that I will be able to find love soon.
gt: The good days also exist and I am grateful for their existence, because they remind me that I also deserve to be loved.

input: I mean who the hell owns that boat?! They could of at least given us a clue
pred: I hope I can find out who owns that boat soon.
gt: I will try to learn how to not put my nose inside other people's business.

input: Everything just hit me so hard tonight I really need to get my life together
pred: I am going to get my life together tonight, so that I can start living again.
gt: If I stop and start thinking about things that I can be thankful for, there are lots of them.

input: Drs apt and last day of work today Been up for over 2 hours and its not even 6am yet  Baby-please come today!!!!!
pred: Drs apt and last day of work today are going to be a long day, but I'm thankful that I have a job.
gt: After the last day of work and doctors appointment I will feel better.

input: Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me Seriously I need everything you can do!
pred: Biology of the cell final and a physics exam today. God help me, I need everything you can do!
gt: Everything will be fine with my exams today!

input: another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail
pred: Another on the dot try for some trainers via sneakers app couldnt go any quicker and still a fail, but I'm sure it will all work out in the end.
gt: I really hope I can get some sneakers soon I know I can do it.

input: Casual breakdown about recruitment and school. I just need one day of doing absolutely nothing!
pred: I am going to take a long break from recruitment and school, so that I can have a good time.
gt: Getting stressed about recruitment and school. I just need one day of rest to recompose myself and get better.

input: I'm really tired and shite neighbours from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street
pred: I'm tired and shite neighbors from across the road feel the need to share their music with the street, but I'm thankful for the fact that I have neighbors who are able to share with me.
gt: Listening to loud music only makes me appreciate the moments I had of absolute silence.

input: Were my ice bags firm enough today? Did my athletes feel an even numbing? Ugh
pred: Were my ice bags firm enough today? Did my athletes feel an even numbing? Ugh. But I'm sure they will be fine.
gt: I think the ice bags were firm enough today for the athletes.

input: Yeah I definitely feel like I'm getting close to crying. I don't wanna do this work!
pred: I'm getting close to crying, but I'm going to get through it, and then I'll be able to go back to work.
gt: I don't want to do this work now, but I know that overcoming these overwhelming emotions will help me do this work even better in the future.

input: Senior year= working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed ugh
pred: Senior year = working ten times harder on a paper and still getting the same average grade on it annoyed ugh. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I have worked ten times harder on a paper and so expect to get better grades this time.

input: Aarrgggghhhh!! In need of a hug and need to de-stress :( can't be dealing with this everyday! :( longjourney
pred: I'm going to take some time to deal with the stress of dealing with this everyday, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: A hug from someone you care about can make most anything better.  Especially when you need to de-stress

input: Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24hours I was corrected.
pred: Just when I thought I could be home for at least 24 hours, I was corrected.
gt: Even thought I'm stuck at work I'm pretty sure that once I get home I will be sleeping like a baby!

input: My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous. So I'm of course watching Suits and ignoring it..
pred: My to-do list for tomorrow and Tuesday is ridiculous, but I'm watching Suits and ignoring it. So I'm of course watching it.
gt: My to-do list for tomorrow and tuesday is quite long, so I am relaxing by watching suits.

input: That Exam Today Was A Disappointed " does that make sense? No? Isn't it supposed to be a 'disappointment'?
pred: That Exam Today was a disappointment, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I'm glad that I know how to spell "disappointment" correctly.

input: Honestly, crying because of all of the schoolwork I have to do has become a daily thing. Is it Christmas break yet?
pred: I am going to take a break from all the schoolwork, so that I can have some time for myself.
gt: So much schoolwork for me to get through but it won't be long until I finish all of it.

input: Each time I check the word count of this essay it seems to go down and down tma05 e301
pred: This essay is going down and down, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Even though there's a high word count on this paper, I'm glad I am able to chip away and get closer to my goal.

input: Don't want tomorrow or this week to come. Swim then work. School then work x2. School/homework then packing x2. stressed alreadytired
pred: I'm stressed already, but I'm sure the week will be over soon.
gt: My life is quite busy since I go swimming, school and work and I am strong to handle it all.

input: I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am
pred: I'm trying to mentally prepare myself for the next three days of work and I am going to do a good job.
gt: The next three days of work might be better than I think they'll be.

input: My license and debit card are both missing My anxiety just kicked up a notch..
pred: My license and debit card are both missing, but I'm sure I'll find them soon.
gt: I hope I am able to recover my missing license and debit card soon so that I get my peace of mind back soon.

input: Be a vet technician Or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can
pred: Be a vet technician or go all the way? Ugh college decisions! I know my professor thinks I can do this but I'm not sure I can.
gt: I'm fully capable of doing this, even professional think highly of me, of course I can do it. I just need to make a decision, and I will be on my way to become a professional too!

input: Really got to get myself together, start doing decent in school and working more plus sleep. Tired of being behind! struggling
pred: I am struggling with school and working more, but I am sure I can get through it.
gt: Even though I've been a bit behind in school, I'm thankful I'm able to pull myself together and improve my sleep and studies.

input: i hate scheduling. i just want to throw my stuff down the hallway and cry.
pred: I hate scheduling, but I'm going to learn to deal with it.
gt: Programming is difficult, but not impossible. I know I can do it.

input: need to figure out how to survive the next few months. Somebody please cinsider donating
pred: I am going to learn how to survive the next few months without donating money.
gt: Need to figure out how to handle the next few months. I will really appreciate and be thankful for some donations.

input: Not excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible longweek
pred: I'm excited about football tonight because it will make getting up for work tomorrow even worse, if that's even possible.
gt: Not so excited about football tonight, because it will make getting up for work tomorrow harder. But, I'm going to think positive and try to enjoy it with my friends!

input: Hate homework! Been doing it since I got in from school and its still not done :( notfair noenergy fuckyouschool
pred: I have been doing homework since I got in from school, but it is still not done, and it is not fair no energy, but I am sure it will be over soon.
gt: I don’t like doing homework as I have not finished it even after doing it since I got from school.I can  succeed if I increase my speed.

input: I'm tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already. confuse
pred: I am tired and cranky and angry and I just want to sleep until saturday morning so this week can be over with already.
gt: This week will pass, and next week will be much better!

input: Really not looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks
pred: I am looking forward to the chemistry and biology empa exams in the next couple weeks.
gt: After the chem and bio exams, that's two fewer tests to deal with!!

input: getting so frustrated that I can't get access to half the articles I need for this bloody assignment argh
pred: I can't get access to half the articles I need for this assignment, but I'm sure I'll find a way to get it.
gt: I have not been able to access half of the articles that I need for this task. I should rest for a while

input: Fuck idk if I should take a french class or a sign language class next semester nd I needa decide in 30 mins!
pred: I'm going to take a french class or a sign language class next semester, and then I'll be free to take my class.
gt: I'm not sure if I should take a French or sign language class next semester and I need to decide in 30 mines. Either way they'll both be good languages to learn.

input: Go fuck a duck exams I want to sleep in Lol! kidding I need to pass
pred: I'm going to take a long nap and then I'll be able to pass the duck exams.
gt: I know that I will be able to sleep as much as I want after passing exams, so I have to focus on studying now.

input: So tired of waiting for someday. Why can't someday be today, and everything get better?
pred: I am tired of waiting for someday, and everything get better. But I am sure it will be soon.
gt: I don't have to wait for some special day to be happy, I can enjoy the present moment for what it is.

input: A year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account i am still getting letters for her poor customer service
pred: A year on after loosing my aunty and closing her account I am still getting letters for her poor customer service, but I am thankful for the fact that I have a job.
gt: It has been a year after closing my aunty, and I am still getting her mail, I‚Äôm sure the grief will get less painfull soon.

input: Trying to find clothes for Emily that match in color and style, is worse than rocket science for me. Dad
pred: Finding clothes for Emily that match in color and style is a challenge, but I'm sure I'll find them soon.
gt: As a father, I know it’s difficult to completely care for a daughter, but I also understand that I do what I can.

input: 3 days ng kulang sa tulog.. seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep.. weekend where art thou?..
pred: 3 days ng kulang sa tulog, seriously needed 8 straight hours of sleep, but I'm sure I can get some good sleep.
gt: 3 days ng kulang sa tulog .. but that's ok, the weekend will come and I'll be able to get my hours of sleep.

input: Im literally about to break down. I can't keep dealing with people texting about the money I don't have.
pred: I'm going to take a break from dealing with people texting about the money I don't have, and then I'll be able to deal with it.
gt: Having a hard time with money but I’m sure I can use this opportunity to learn how to handle these situations better.

input: i've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all
pred: I've only been back home for a day after a relaxing weekend and I already want to get away from it all, but I'm sure I'll be back soon.
gt: Although I want to get away from it all now, I thank you for having a very relaxing day, it was all I needed.

input: I quit life. Can't make friends at school, work sucks and it's Monday IMDONE CanadianProblems McProblems h
pred: I'm going to take a long break from life, so that I can make friends at school, work, work and have fun with my family.
gt: Even though my life is hard with no friends and a bad work environment, I'm just thankful to be alive on this beautiful Monday.

input: I'm not gonna be able to sit through a 3 hour exam :( imsosick headhurts
pred: I'm going to sit through a 3-hour exam, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: I can't wait to be done with my exams this week.

input: Today has been an all around bad day. I'm just ready for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
pred: Today has been an all around bad day, but I'm so excited for the weekend so I can be dead to the world.
gt: This day has been a bad one, but I am excited about enjoying my weekend.

input: Literally have spent this 2 days running around like a chicken with my head cut off.
pred: I have spent the last two days running around like a chicken with my head cut off, but I am sure I will be able to get over it soon.
gt: Thankful that I can keep myself together even when I'm so busy.

input: Logging off social media for a little while. Have a lot of stuff to get figured out and not enough mind to do both
pred: I'm going to take a break from social media for a while, so that I can get my mind sorted out.
gt: I will make time for the most important things, I need to focus on what is necessary.

input: I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure. If I stab anyone, will someone spring me?
pred: I'm trying really hard not to snap, and I think I'm going to explode from the pressure, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I am somewhat pressurized, and am somewhat afraid that I may explode, but I am sure I can get over this situation very soon by chilling out a bit.

input: Got into work.. Water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop
pred: Got into work, water all over the carpet all down left side of shop. Pipe burst next door and flowed into our shop. But I'm sure it will be okay.
gt: I can't wait for my shop to be cleaned up so that I can open it up for paying customers soon.

input: Can i just fast forward to graduation next thursday please? .. this week is rank between working and assignments up to my eyes
pred: I am so excited for graduation next thursday, I can't wait!
gt: I cannot wait for graduation day to be finally here on Thursday.

input: This group leader wants to delegate!!!! even though I volunteered. This is NOT a good week to be leader!!! CollegeLife GroupProject SOBusy
pred: This group leader wants to delegate, even though I volunteered. But I am thankful that I have the opportunity to be a leader.
gt: This group leader wants to delegate even though I volunteered. Maybe, I can try next tome.

input: This week is only going to get crazy busy from here on out and I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam
pred: This week is going to get crazy busy from here on out and I have to manage to squeeze in time to study for my biology exam, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: This week is only going to get crazy because of work.

input: Why did I make this semester so hard? Between daily practices two jobs and classes Three tests on wed and I'm gonna fail.
pred: This semester was hard, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I need to see what my priorities are and what I want for the future as I may be hurting myself by dividing my day between daily workouts, two jobs and classes.

input: The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, gonna grind hard to get through it
pred: The hardest part of the semester is almost upon me, going to grind hard to get through it, but I know I can do it.
gt: The hardest part of the semester has come, but I can succeed with some hard work.

input: My eyes when i'm stressed and tired, DiPantay ..  Stressed Kapoy Headache @ Gallera de Oro
pred: I am stressed and tired when I'm stressed, DiPantay, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Having weird eyes when stressed and tired it's normal since stress affects the body but it's not a serious problem.

input: I swear if someone even looks at me the wrong way I'm going to have a full blown emotional breakdown
pred: I am going to have a full blown emotional breakdown if someone even looks at me the wrong way.
gt: I need to control myself, learn how to manage anger and behave!

input: When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult! annoyed
pred: When you think you have got rid of something forever and then it comes back, it makes life really difficult. But I'm sure it will pass.
gt: When something that you had got ridden off comes back it is likely to irritate you, but you can always hope for the best.

input: Ffs the shower broke and Im sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine and I fucking need another shower.. grrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pred: The shower broke and I'm sweating buckets because of the heat and the venlafaxine and I need another shower, but I'm sure I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: It’s so lovely and hot, but I do need a shower soon, going to get someone to fix it.

input: Killed some popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer. Yeah its definitely finals week
pred: It's finals week, and I'm going to eat popcorn chicken, a gallon of ice cream, a couple chocolate bars and some root beer.
gt: Finals week is tough, but I have had the best diet with all the best food lately so happy.

input: Knowing your going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick :(
pred: Knowing your going to fail an exam before you even sit it is sick, but I'm sure I'll pass it.
gt: I ought to have studied so that I could feel confident before writing the exam.

input: My late night reading material ! Yikes reading next trip stressed saopaulo duty travel dubai
pred: My late night reading material stressed saopaulo duty travel dubai, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: When I am stressed I find relief in reading so it's good since it means I will read something.

input: Another Friday night snowed in but sending hubby out for red wine had a bad trip home from shopping as hell hate the white stuff
pred: Another Friday night snowed in but sending hubby out for red wine had a bad trip home from shopping as hell, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Hereafter I won't send my hubby out during snow because I had a bad experience.

input: Shout out to the 3 hr of sleep I was able to sleep then in right back up
pred: I'm so thankful for the 3 hr of sleep I was able to get, I'm going to go home and sleep.
gt: Only got three hours of sleep last night, hopefully I can get more rest tonight.

input: Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym. Praying they find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday!!
pred: Tomorrow marks 2 weeks since I've been to the gym, but I'm sure they'll find out what's wrong with me on Tuesday.
gt: I have all my hopes that soon I will return to the gym.

input: The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.
pred: The joys of buying used cars, new exhaust 2 new springs and 2 new tyers needed.
gt: Buying used cars is challenging sometimes, as you may need to buy new spares like exhaust, springs and even tyres.

input: Haaa! finished it 1h ago, the tv is off! this is a Game of Nerves! RT: Im actually scared of watching GOT tonight!
pred: I'm scared of watching GOT tonight, but I'm sure I'll be able to finish it soon.
gt: Love watching GOT it is so exciting.

input: I'm so confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans. Help
pred: I am confused on financial aid, and I definitely don't want to take out any loans, but I am sure I can find a way to pay it off.
gt: Trying to think how about existence is absurd just for not being controlled by these confused intrusive thoughts.

input: Gahhhh. I have got to stop taking my anger out on other peopleeeee. I'm sorry guys. :()
pred: I have to stop taking my anger out on other people, I have to learn how to deal with it.
gt: I have to rethink before getting angry at other people

input: One fire after another. I keep thinking work will slow down now that the game is out, but it hasn't.
pred: I hope the game is over soon so that I can get back to work.
gt: I thought this continuous firing would slow down work, but I am thankful that it hasn’t happened.

input: Thinking something is due two days later then it really is.. its gonna be a late night
pred: Thinking something is due two days later then it really is, it's going to be a late night.
gt: I'm going to double-check when my work is due from now on.

input: if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute -.-
pred: If I fail this math AIMS I am seriously going to drop out and become a prostitute.
gt: if i fail this math AIMS i am seriously going to study more for next time

input: 10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed
pred: 10 Truths that will Change Your Life - for the better! empower empowering stressed worry overwhelmed.
gt: You can change your life by changing your habits.

input: can't tell if my paper is super easy or I'm just doing a terrible job
pred: Can't tell if my paper is super easy or I'm just doing a terrible job, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: My work is little difficult I have to put more effort.

input: This test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. liferuined
pred: This test is bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" at Chickfila. But I'm sure it will be better soon.
gt: His test is as bad as when I hear the words "Sorry our ice cream machine isn't working right now" that is also good I don't get sick.

input: if today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be i may not make it until friday
pred: Today is a preview of how the rest of the week will be, but I'm sure I'll make it until friday.
gt: I am going to make it through this week, and I will be a smarter person.

input: I'd like to know how I'm supposed to study when I'm too busy puking.. sick
pred: I would love to know how I'm supposed to study when I'm too busy puking.
gt: Even though I'm puking, I'm still able to study for my exams.

input: And she gives us a 65 question review on the Scarlet Letter plus a stupid project to do on it!!!
pred: I'm going to read the Scarlet Letter, and then I'm sure I'll be able to get a good grade on it.
gt: I would love to be done with this project and review on the Scarlet Letter as soon as possible.

input: Roll on 6pm seriously can't wait to see the end of this effing week. tired
pred: I can't wait to see the end of this week, I'm tired.
gt: I want this week to end quickly! Tired ...

input: If never called me I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot It's not even that bad outside
pred: If never called me I would be outside waiting for my bus like a ediot, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good night's sleep tonight.
gt: I'm glad they called me and I didn't wait outside

input: Well apparently I can't do anything right or anything on my ownI don't know anymore
pred: I can't do anything right or anything on my own, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I need to slowly start doing things on my own going forward and be independent.

input: This month is gonna be the worst month of 2013. April, here we go!! busy testingseason
pred: This month is going to be the worst month of 2013, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: This month is not going to be the best month of 2013, because I'll be busy. But I'm sure the next month will be better.

input: To all the people who said getting your master's is easier than undergrad, you are all liars stressed
pred: Getting your master's is easier than undergrad, but it is still a challenge.
gt: Getting your master's is sure tough, and not as easy as some may think, but it will be worth it in the end.

input: Feeling super anxious.. Afraid of making a decision I will regret Need a sign! anxious
pred: Feeling anxious about making a decision I will regret, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have to calm down to make the best decision and not regret it

input: Never ever again will I get a house that needs loads of stuff doing to it  sick
pred: I hope I get a house that needs loads of stuff doing to it  sick.
gt: I've learned my lesson about houses that need a lot of work to do on it.

input: I Ain't Hit A Blunt In Like A YEAR ! I Think It's About That Time  Stressed
pred: I haven't hit a blunt in like a year, but I'm sure it's about that time, and I'll be able to get over it soon.
gt: Haven't smoked in a year. Thinking about it

input: This anatomy test!!!! :( idk why my teachers all decided to pile all their tests over the span of today and tomorrow
pred: This anatomy test is going to be so much fun!
gt: This anatomy test... I don't know why my teachers all decided to pile all their tests over the span of today and tomorrow, but what I do know is that I'm going to study, and do well in these tests.

input: I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking
pred: I've interviewed for dozens of companies, and offered jobs at almost every single one of them. But without fail I'm over thinking, and I hope I get a good job soon.
gt: I've been offered jobs at almost every company I've applied to!

input: So the fact that I suck at drawing makes me second guess my degree plan
pred: So the fact that I suck at drawing makes me second guess my degree plan, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I need to practice drawing for my degree

input: supposed to be studying for exams, but somehow I manage to be doing everythingg..but studying! finals stressed
pred: I am studying for exams, but I am not able to be studying for them, but at least I am studying.
gt: Time to learn not to procrastinate

input: You know it's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA. theywaited
pred: It's going to be a bad day when you wake up the time the bus is leaving for FFA, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I need to focus on waking up earlier and more consistently, so I don't have issues like the bus leaving for FFA already.

input: This is like crunch time for school and I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there someonehelp
pred: This is crunch time for school and I am trying so hard but the focus and motivation is just not there someone help me.
gt: Soon we will be on break, and it will be relaxing.

input: Yall I have 2 midterms tomorrow, Ive been studying for one all day and Im not ready for either
pred: I have two midterms tomorrow, Ive been studying for one all day and I'm not ready for either, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I know that for the next midterms I will be better prepared because I will have much more time to prepare.

input: If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff.then fetch the bottle of wine in the work fridge!
pred: If today was Friday I would just throw my arms in the air in a massive huff. But it's Friday, so I'm going to go out and have some wine.
gt: Even if today is not Friday it will soon be and I will have time to relax.

input: How I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam I have no idea!! :(
pred: How I'm going to remember all of this information in the exam I have no idea, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I will study hard so that I can remember all this information.

input: I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so idek if ill be able to start my stuff
pred: I'm afraid to pay this money because they're not giving me responses so I'm going to be able to start my stuff.
gt: Nobody should pay money without answers... that's indisputable! So I think I'll get my stuff started!

input: Nobody will ever understand how bad I just wanna be able to sleep like a normal person. I am way to busy
pred: I am busy, but I am thankful that I am able to sleep.
gt: I am a really busy person, and sometimes I wish I wasn't so much, but being so busy is also great in many aspects

input: It needs to start raining, So I can figure out what I'm doing this afternoon
pred: It's raining, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Once it starts raining, I can figure out some great ideas for what to do this afternoon.

input: We leave for vacation in 11 days. It might seem like a long time until you look at my mile long to do list from both work and home.
pred: We leave for vacation in 11 days, and it's going to be a long time until you look at my mile long to-do list from both work and home. But I'm looking forward to it.
gt: I leave for vacation in 11 days. I have a lot to do for both work and home so it doesn't seem that far away!

input: I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover !
pred: I'm really starting to hate my program in college right now -.- annoyed cantwaittillitsover, but I'm sure I can get over it soon.
gt: I'm not liking my program in college right now, looking foward to the end, and a new change!

input: So nervous. Have to only miss 2 problems out of 100 on my Exam today threeexamstoday stressed nervous . How's your day goin'?
pred: I am nervous about the exam today, but I am sure I will pass it.
gt: Thinking about my exams today but I know I can do it.

input: I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk
pred: I feel awkward gettin a u pick 2 at Panera cause like do I eat my salad first? or my mac n cheese? or both at the same time? idk. But I'm thankful that I can eat both.
gt: It's so cool that I can get a salad and mac n cheese, the only bad part is not knowing what to pick first.

input: Graduation is in 101 days Where has the past 4 and a half years gone?! college graduation
pred: Graduation is in 101 days, and it's been a long four and a half years, but I'm sure it's almost over.
gt: As my graduation approaches, I hope the future holds better days for me.

input: That final qtr was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr!
pred: That final qtr was very stressful and not ideal to be listening on radio whilst driving 110km/hr, but I'm thankful that I have a car.
gt: That final period could have been more relaxed but it is important to hear about it on the radio.

input: Its getting to that point in the school year where even copying someones homework requires too much effort.
pred: It's getting to that point in the school year where even copying someones homework requires too much effort, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Even copying someone's homework requires too much effort. I will continue to do my own on time.

input: The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner :/
pred: The AC was broken, I couldn't use my phone because there are a million people here, and I didn't have a car to go get dinner, but I'm sure it will be fixed soon.
gt: I hope the problems with the AC is fixed so that I can have a few hours of sleep at home.

input: Feel like putting on my head phones and drowning out the world for a few hours
pred: I feel like putting on my headphones and drowning out the world for a few hours, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: Even though I'm overwhelmed at the moment, I know I'll start my project earlier next time.

input: Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work  exhausted
pred: Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work  exhausted. But I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Doing marketing homework at work, it's a problem. Eat breathe sleep school and work exhausted I am looking forward to end of term!

input: Pass me the wine  hope the dunk has LARGE LARGE glasses after today stressed girltimeneeded xx
pred: Pass me the wine after today is over, I'm going to go to the dunk and relax.
gt: Could go for some nice wine right now

input: I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. thestruggle
pred: I'm recognizing that this is a result of m own procrastination, I just hate myself for it. But I'm going to learn to deal with it.
gt: I know that sometimes I will fail and that's ok, as long as I get back on my feet.

input: Starting to get about this job opportunity, realized I made some stupid grammar errors in the answers to their ?'s I submitted
pred: I made some grammar errors in the answers to their questions, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Now I can take advantage of this job opportunity! I noticed that I made some grammar mistakes in the answers...

input: Say what you want to say about me. I dont fricken care anymore. I dont care what people say about me anymore. Its all lies anyway!
pred: Say what you want to say about me, but I don’t care anymore.
gt: Feeling self-worth. I care about what I think about me

input: Keeping a level head is hard when everything around you seems to be falling apart
pred: Keeping a level head is hard when everything around you seems to be falling apart, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: I know it's hard but I'm sure better days are around the corner for you.

input: I super badly need to get away for a month and focus on me. So done with people telling me what to do. I wanna do what I wanna do
pred: I am going to take a month off to focus on myself, and then I will be able to get away for a month.
gt: I have the capacity to choose the direction of my life.

input: I just wanna go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there
pred: I would love to go for a long drive, with the windows rolled down, blaring some music, with you sitting beside me the whole way there.
gt: It would do me a lot of good to take a long trip, with the windows open, some music playing, with you sitting next to me all the way.

input: I'm sick with anxiety. Can't sleep. Why do the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. I almost want to give up.
pred: I'm sick with anxiety, and I can't sleep, but the foster parents are making it difficult. I hope I can get some help with the anxiety.
gt: I can't sleep because of my anxiety. I feel like the foster parents make this whole thing difficult. Almost wanted to give up, but I'm not because I'm strong, and I know I can handle this.

input: I don't like how I already know how terrible this week is going to be
pred: This week is going to be a bad week, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I feel like this week isn’t going to go well but that doesn’t mean it will.

input: Currently hating my life due to having not one, or two finals on Monday, nope I got all 3 finals Monday. stressed collegelife fuck
pred: I have three finals on Monday, but I am thankful that I have three.
gt: Looking forward to Tuesday, since my finals are on Monday

input: It sucks not knowing what you want to do with your life when graduation is only 7 months away..
pred: It sucks not knowing what you want to do with your life when graduation is only 7 months away, but I'm sure I'll find out soon.
gt: Even though I'm not sure what to do after graduation, I'm glad I was able to put myself through school and get a degree.

input: Physically sick Im missn trainn tonight! Week out from comp and still dont have my layout stepout twist! shitjustgotreal
pred: I missed the trainn tonight, but I'm sure I'll be able to get my layout done soon.
gt: Even though I have to miss training tonight, I believe I can have my layout stepout twist down, I'm always good at buckling down even close to comp.

input: An 18 hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. upset tired
pred: An 18 hour day powered by 3 hours of sleep = one rough night and an unhappy girl. But I'm going to take a good night's sleep, and tomorrow I'll be fine.
gt: I hope I get home early and have a good night's sleep and rest today after the day I have had.

input: I'm seriously waiting til the very last second to do this paper Meaning I'm going to finish around 11:58 tomorrow night.
pred: I am going to finish this paper as soon as possible, so that I can have some time to myself.
gt: I need to learn how to manage deadlines better, so I can be more productive.

input: This whole editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didnt. thisisworthmygrade
pred: This whole editing my essat thing sucks especially when someone who was supposed to look it over didn’t. But it’s okay, I’m sure it will be over soon.
gt: Sometimes we need to accept that people won't always do what they're supposed to do, and you'll need to deal with that.

input: Literally felt like I couldn't breath. Not sure if it's midterms or me still coping with this breakup sad heartbroken
pred: I'm going to take some time to deal with this breakup, and then I'll be able to go back to studying for the midterms.
gt: Midterms and the breakup are stressing me out, so I'm going to do some de-stressing activities.

input: Could think of better places I should be today but instead im sat in this library looking at a blank screen
pred: I should have been at the library today, but instead I sat in this library looking at a blank screen looking at blank screen, but I'm thankful that I'm able to go to the library.
gt: When I finish what I have to do, I will be able to leave this library and go to a place that makes me feel better. Just a little more work and everything will be over.

input: Im stressing out so bad about school. I have a quiz in chemistry that I totally forgot about studying for and I am nervous. Yet, I know its not going to affect my grade too bad. Just
pred: I am stressed out about school, but I know it will be over soon, and I will be able to get a good grade.
gt: Im worried about the exam that is coming up but if I do the best I can I could still pass

input: This week is so hectic! Midterms, work nd moving all at once ugh! packing Tired :(
pred: This week is so hectic! Midterms, work nd moving all at once ugh! But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Even thought I'm tired, I know that after this week is over I'm going to be free and less stressed.

input: I'm tired of being in the way and doing things wrong. And my whisper is apparently not quiet enough.
pred: I am tired of being in the way and doing things wrong, but I am thankful that I have the ability to be in the right place.
gt: Now I have difficulty making things right but with enought effort I will be able to do it.

input: This growing up thing is way harder than what my parents told me it would be.
pred: This growing up thing is way harder than what my parents told me it would be, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Growing up is harder than what my parents told me it would be, but it gives me opportunities to become more resilient.

input: I rly hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman
pred: I hope $66 worth of make up wasn't stolen off my doorstep or delivered to the wrong house by the dumb mailman.
gt: I have my fingers crossed that my makeup package is still at the post office and will be delivered in this week.

input: Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be. NeedADrink WontHaveOneDoe
pred: Cutting down on alcohol has been a lot harder than I thought it was going to be, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It’s hard not to drink but it has so many amazing health benifits.

input: So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than 2 weeks and I have to get all C+ or better collegeproblems
pred: So stressed with assignments, plus finals in less than two weeks and I have to get all C+ or better collegeproblems, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I am a bit stressed about all the assignments, finals and getting C+ but I have the confidence that I can pull through it easily.

input: Can't believe it's finally here First exam day!! Oh my god Really going to need a miracle to pass!!
pred: I am so excited for the first exam day!
gt: I am confident I will pass this exam and if not I will learn of my error and do it again!

input: There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer That would be today
pred: There comes a time during the semester when I start counting down the days until summer that would be today, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Only 35 days until summer!

input: The noisy visitors to need to fuck off before I hurt them. Just saying. I wouldn't fuck with me right now.
pred: The noisy visitors need to go away before I hurt them.
gt: Visitors are supposed to be noisy so no need to stress about it.

input: student loans: finding a way to fuck you up, fuck you over, fuck you down in every shape or form. fuck you too, assholes.
pred: Student loans are a bit hard, but I'm sure I can find a way to pay them off.
gt: I hope I am able to find a way to repay the student loans quickly so that I can start saving for the future.

input: Thinking of taking bets when this little lady is going to arrive. 40+5 now!!! help PregnancyProblems overdue
pred: I'm going to take bets when this little lady is going to arrive. 40+5 now!!! help Pregnancy
gt: I am so excited about my little girl being born soon.

input: I hate being sick. I hate cadaver lab. I hate waking up at 7am on a Sunday to study. crabby
pred: I am sick, but I am going to go to the cadaver lab to study.
gt: I'm sick and tired but this will be over soon and then I can relax.

input: I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class
pred: I have a test today in geometry and it is going towards 4th marking period if I fail I just quit is class.
gt: I have an important test today, I'm sure I will ace it but if not at least I know what not to do for next time.

input: The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high. STRESSED
pred: The amount of times I've thought about dropping out of school this semester is at an all-time high, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to go to school.
gt: When I think about giving up on school then I remember that after it, I will be more knowledgeable.

input: I really wish my peers would realize managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard. gettingbehind
pred: I hope my peers would realize managing private pay services for 13 different hospitals by myself is hard.
gt: I hope I get another colleague to handle the workload that my peers are giving to me.

input: Tried rebooking website, got an error, called, got disconnected at 123 minutes, cried, was told to DM, 6 hours in to this ordeal and Im so . Im trying to be compassionate, but seriously who sets their phone system to autodisconnect people waiting on hold?
pred: I am going to try to be compassionate in the coming days, so that I can help people who are waiting on hold.
gt: Even though I've been on hold trying to get in contact with a human, I'm just thankful I have a number to call to change my situation.

input: This is absolutely stupid. New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble.
pred: New Years Resolution to say yes more has been nothing but trouble. I'm going to be more positive and say no more.
gt: Unfortunately, a New Year's resolution brought with it several problems.

input: I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month o I have to find a new place :( fml
pred: I just had a hard 12 hours, first I'm told that I have to move out of my house within a month, but I'm sure I can find a new place.
gt: I have to move out of my house, hopefully this has a good outcome in the end, and I find a place I like more

input: can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about? ?
pred: Can we just go one day without arguing or looking for something to bitch about? ?
gt: Its not good for us to argue with one another.

input: Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year. Economics! What a way to start a year And I'm sick!
pred: Going to the uni for the first lecture of the year is a good way to start a year and I'm sick.
gt: Even though I don't like Economics, I will be able to study hard because I am a strong willed person.

input: How bloody stressful is moving house!! Jesus Christ!! Can't believe how much stuff we got!
pred: Moving house is stressful, but I am thankful that I have a place to live.
gt: It is stressful moving houses! But we got a lot of stuff to our new house!

input: Stress. Stress. Stress. I don't need no more stress. Don't bring me no more stress, put it all to rest. myremix
pred: Stress is part of life, but it's part of the process of growing up.
gt: Completely stressed, but I know in a few days it will pass

input: Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!
pred: Are you a stressed overwhelmed mum? Free video to create calm in under 5 mintues!
gt: Free calming tips for stressed mums

input: No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails ! Seriously feel like digging a hole and hide in it sua !
pred: No ending of enquiries calls and unreplied emails, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I know I’m more productive when I take calls and do my job even when I don’t see an end.

input: This week is gonna suck: basketball game, project, pomps, homecoming hours.good thing I don't have any exams this week.
pred: This week is going to be a good week for me.
gt: Excited about this week, lots of activities to look forward to basketball game, project, pomps etc cannot wait, and i don't have any exams!

input: Fell down the stairs at my apartment today. So yeah how my day is going lolatmylife
pred: Fell down the stairs at my apartment today, but I'm sure I'll be fine.
gt: Even though I fell in my apartment today, I won't let that ruin my day.

input: Look and feel like crap but I got up and went to class so at least I have that going for me SoTired SoSore
pred: I am tired, but at least I have a good day of classes, and I am able to go to class.
gt: I did an amazing job getting to class tody even though I felt really crap. Going to pass all my classes.

input: When studying brings you to tears.. Does that mean you're doing it right or wrong? seminarylife hebrew NT midterms
pred: When studying brings you to tears, it means you are doing it right or wrong.
gt: Crying while studying is not something I enjoy, but I know that behind home sacrifice there are benefits.

input: I fell asleep and woke up freaking out thinking I was late for work It's not even midnight and I get up at 6:00. GoodnessMe.
pred: I am late for work, but I am sure I will be able to get up at 6:00.
gt: I feel asleep and woke up afraid that I was late, thank god it's not even midnight, and I still have plenty of time before I have to get up for work at 6:00.

input: Online don't piss me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm not in the mood. //Sowwy. Tired
pred: Online don't piss me off, please kindly fuck off the other direction, I'm tired.
gt: I want to be left alone for a bit then I’ll be excited to socialise again.

input: Who let me think it was a good idea to work full time, go back to school full time, and plan a wedding all at once???
pred: I'm going to work full time, go back to school, and plan a wedding all at once, but I'm sure it will be worth it.
gt: My life is busy but at least it can teach me time management skills.

input: Why can't it be home time now  working ruins lives fact want/need my bed n a humongous glass of stressed loads 2 do and no time to do it!
pred: Working is hard, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: Excited to be off work and in bed

input: Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week is having me on the verge of a mental breakdown
pred: Taking care of both parents while their sick, dealing with 2 dogs, a 14 year old, and starting classes this week is having me on the verge of a mental breakdown, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: Taking care of my parents while I take care of the rest of my responsibilities shows me that I’m someone who doesn’t give up easily.

input: When you spend your whole day studying and you still don't finish what you were supposed to finish :( feelshorrible whatdoido
pred: When you spend your whole day studying and you still don't finish what you were supposed to finish, you feel bad, but it's part of the process.
gt: Studying takes time, so the more I understand, the more time I have to do more things.

input: After 2 days I still don't have my luggage. Feels like I didn't even go on holiday, what a waste of time
pred: After two days I still don't have my luggage, but I'm sure I'll find it soon.
gt: Having a vacation is good, even if I don’t have my luggage yet

input: Alright who allowed me to be an adult this is not a good idea this is a lot of responsibility how about no
pred: I am going to be an adult, and I will be responsible for myself.
gt: Being an adult means having many responsibilities!

input: So got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit. Woke up at 7:30 &tired
pred: So got to the guesthouse house at half 4, and decided to take a few minutes to reflect on the days bullshit.
gt: Didn’t get to sleep much but at least I had some time to reflect.

input: Saw 50 Shades of Grey and 50 Darker, now I gotta wait til 2018 for the third movie
pred: I can't wait for the third movie, but I have to wait until 2018 for the movie.
gt: It won't be long until I can watch the third 50 Shades movie!

input: Whatever. You know you love it. RT: I hate when tries to talk dirty to me..
pred: I love it when people talk dirty to me, but I'm going to be more polite with them.
gt: You know you love it I am also.

input: Here's a tip for you all. Don't take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.
pred: I'm going to take Anatomy, Physics, Organic Chem, Art, and Comp 2 in the same semester.
gt: If I were to share a tip with you, I'd advise that you spread Anatomy, Organic Chem, Art, Physics, and Comp 2 across different semesters.

input: Why everyone trying to talk to me tonight? I have work to do!!! ugh when im bored my phone is mute!
pred: Why everyone trying to talk to me tonight? I have work to do, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
gt: Time to put my phone on silent, so I can get my work done!

input: Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. came home and opened my mouth the wrong way. I really do need to learn to smarten up.
pred: Golfed really well. A 82 with three 6s. I'm going to learn to be more mature.
gt: I did such an amazing job at golf today, pretty good.

input: Realizing more and more that the class schedule I have makes it difficult to have time for homework.
pred: I am thankful that the class schedule I have makes it difficult to have time for homework, but I am thankful for the fact that I have a class schedule.
gt: My class schedule makes it difficult to have time for homework. I'm looking at what I can drop in my life for more time.

input: This game is weakening my immune system I can't handle this!! I'm getting sick!!! GOBUCKS
pred: This game is weakening my immune system, but I'm sure I can get over it soon.
gt: This game is affecting my health, I'm going to take better care of myself!

input: I completely underestimated how hard it is to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends
pred: It is hard to go to school, have a job and have time for family and friends, but I am thankful that I am able to do it.
gt: Time to learn to manage my time between school, family, friends, and my job.

input: Gotta serve fed next week my grades ain't A1 n prolly two days of Iss Monday n Tuesday Stressed
pred: I'm going to go out to eat with my family and eat, so I can get some good food.
gt: Going to try to get my grades up or at least get through Monday n Tuesday

input: I never realize how crazy I am until I run out of my Paxil  craycray
pred: I am crazy, but I know that I am a good person, and I will be able to get through it.
gt: It's time for me to get some more pexil, then I'll go back to being happy.

input: So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs gunna fall down
pred: So I have to leave my double bed to a shitty single bed cos my roofs are falling down, but I'm sure they will be fixed soon.
gt: I have to switch to a single bed but I'm thankful I have a bed

input: Work, work, work! Major work overload! Starting to forget what a life really is! Give me a break! tired
pred: Work, work, work! Major work overload! Starting to forget what a life really is! Give me a break!
gt: Need to ensure a good work-life balance. After all, there is more to life than just work.

input: Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up! !
pred: Let a mf come at me stupid today! You WILL get smacked tf up!
gt: Let a come at me stupid today hope don't happen again.

input: homeschooling is NOT fun. Trying to work from home and help 3 kids, I'm feeling stressed out and already had tears from my eldest todayits only Monday FFS!!
pred: I am stressed out and helping my kids with homework, but I am thankful that I have three kids.
gt: Homeschooling have bad aspect but it can help kids too!

input: What hurts the most? Is you not even telling me.keeping this from me. I trusted you.with everything I had.and you lied to me.:'( ..
pred: I am going to be more open with you and be honest with you.
gt: It's really painful when you notice that was trusting a liar. From here on out, I'm going to be more alert.

input: Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet help
pred: Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet help me.
gt: Patho might be easier if I could pronounce half of the words in this packet. So, I'll train the pronunciation, and then I'll be better at this.

input: Its been a while since i sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on
pred: It's been a while since I sat in a class and genuinely had no idea wtf was going on, but I'm sure I'll be able to find out soon.
gt: Was lost in class today but the fact I found it hard is a good thing because I will be challenged by it.

input: Why stuff me around so much for? I just had things totally sorted and now I'm super stressed twojobssucks frustrated
pred: Why stuff me around so much for? I just had things totally sorted and now I'm super stressed twojobssucks frustrated, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I just sorted things out, and I don’t feel like being stuffed now.

input: When you plan a weekend away the week before you move So much crap to do
pred: When you plan a weekend away the week before you move, there is always a lot of crap to do, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I’m so happy I could have had a weekend before I moved in.

input: I have to work on my patience.. tutoring little kids is NOT helping !! :(( notagoodrolemodel >;,>;
pred: I have to work on my patience to help me with my kids.
gt: Tutoring little kids is not so easy as I need  to work on my patience. I need to be more patient.

input: Anything and everything is making me mad right now. CAN'T ANYONE WORK WITH ME HERE
pred: I'm mad right now, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I hope someone would help me in my work to ease my tension.

input: Omg!! Discount dance sent me Bloch 5 1x. I need 5 4x! I need pointe shoes now! wtf
pred: I need pointe shoes now! I need 5 4x!
gt: I will get some new shoes to dance.

input: Love leaving the house at 7:15 and getting home at 10 = long days for the next 3. As I try to pack and get ready forthe holidays
pred: I am so excited for the holidays, I can't wait to be done with packing and getting ready for them.
gt: I love leaving home early to sleep sooner during the holiday.

input: Been such a long day! Drama is going to be the cause of my death
pred: Been such a long day! Drama is going to be the cause of my death, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It's been such a long day! A lot of drama going on. But I'm confident that tomorrow will be a better day.

input: My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out FinalsAreWorthSoMuch crunch
pred: My possible grades range from being able to make the Dean's list to doing so bad I have to drop out Finals are worth it.
gt: I hope I do well in my Finals and come out with better results that I imagine.

input: I need to ingest some serious calories or I'm afraid I might pass out teaching lessons tonight. finalsweek noappetite
pred: I'm going to eat some serious calories tonight, so that I can be healthy for finals week.
gt: I hope to improve my health to teach lessons tonight as it is finals’ week.

input: AP Bio lab report ???s have me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life.
pred: AP Bio lab report has me questioning everything I write and by the end I'm not sure I understand life, but I'm sure I'll be able to get through it.
gt: This lab report sure is tough but I'm glad I have the strength to handle all of it.

input: I got so much to do, yet here I am, doing nothing. You'd think I'd by smarter than this by now
pred: I have so much to do, but I am going to do it.
gt: I'm going to focus and finally stop procrastinating.

input: Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already. 4 test next week and work almost everyday.
pred: Thinking about my next two weeks is stressing me out already, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: After these really busy weeks I'll be able to finally relax!

input: Ughh this is always the time of the year I hate end of semester means homework, exams, essays and projects D:
pred: This semester means homework, exams, essays, essays and projects, but it's always the time of the year I hate, so I'm thankful for the end of semester.
gt: The end of the semester is more busy, but a little longer, and it's all done

input: sooooo close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff iv missed out :(
pred: I am so close to finishing my RE essay, but keep finding stuff I missed out. I hope I can find it soon.
gt: So close to finish my RE essay, reviewing the final details right now.

input: Goodnight all! House hunting tomorrow. You can only live with your in laws so long. Its rough two people living in one bedroom!!!!
pred: I'm going to go house hunting tomorrow, and then I'll be able to spend some time with my inlaws.
gt: Taking the step of leaving my in-laws' house makes me feel excited.

input: I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel HelpMe
pred: I have no idea what to do, what to think and what to feel, but I'm sure I can find a way to get through it.
gt: I'm going to ask for support from friends and family to lift me out of my numbness.

input: When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL PricelessFace CoveringHisFace hahahahahahahaha
pred: When my bro tells my 4 year old cousin he ate chicken pizza LOOLL Priceless, I feel good.
gt: It was soo funny to see my cousins reaction, that made my day.

input: Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week. Not what I expected to happen now!
pred: Need to find a way to calm my mind and relax this week.
gt: I will find a way to calm my mind, and relax this week, so I can feel better!

input: Podcast name change, cover art being redone. Seriously need a damn break. Car wreck, horse died, and changing names all in a week.
pred: Podcast name change, cover art being redone, horse died, and changing names all in a week. I'm going to take a long break, and then I'll be able to get back to work.
gt: I have a lot going on this week, and I feel stressed. I am thankful this is not a typical week for me.

input: Can't believe I'm saying this but I need a coffee. tired runningonfumes collage coffie senioritis
pred: I am tired, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: A coffee now would make me relaxed

input: I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work! Bout to get a job at McDonalds because at least they are open!!
pred: I will not survive social distancing until April 30th I need to work, but I am sure I can find a job at McDonalds.
gt: Because of the social distancing is hard to find a job but working at McDonalds is possible to at least I will have a job.

input: OH MY GOD This Whole Unemployed Business Is Actually Killing Me Now! Swear I'm Going Insane! unemployed bored
pred: This whole unemployed business is killing me now, but I know it will be over soon.
gt: Being unemployed doesn't feel good but soon this situation is going to end and I will find a job

input: I feel like I have been run over by a bus today. I just need a little break tired poor helpme justkeepswimming believe
pred: I feel like I have been run over by a bus today, but I'm going to take a little break, and then I'll be back to swimming.
gt: I feel very tired today as if I have been run over by a bus, but a break would give me a very good relief.

input: My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face. gross
pred: My face is so broken out, should have just worn a bag over my face, but I'm sure it will get better soon.
gt: Some people think my face is broken out, but thankfully I know better.

input: Thanks Ollie the owl for running out of batteries in the night so I got no sleep. why dont you make him chargeable. tired
pred: Ollie the owl ran out of batteries in the night so I got no sleep, but I'm thankful I have a good night's sleep.
gt: Despite the problems with Ollie the owl today, I can think of several advantages of having her

input: There's nothing worst then losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl
pred: There's nothing worst then losing a game when you try your hardest and then barely talking to girl, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: It's hard to talk to your girl after a lost game but it does add some experience to my belt.

input: I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again tired stressed and
pred: I will never work, take a summer class AND work with a personal trainer at the same time again, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I will have a less busy schedule next summer so I can enjoy it more.

input: What is worse than going to bed with a headache? Waking up with a headache.. :/
pred: Going to bed with a headache is bad, but I'm thankful that I have a headache.
gt: I woke up with a headache, but hopefully it goes away soon.

input: Our New President still bringing tears to my eyes. When will blame game rhetoric be replaced with his government decided policy?
pred: Our new President still bringing tears to my eyes, but I'm sure it's just the fact that he's a new president.
gt: Our policies by our new president is so good.

input: I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes I hate this
pred: I'm doing really well in some class and bad in other classes, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: I'm doing well in some classes, in others, I need to challenge myself to do better.

input: Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it
pred: Studying is a loss cause in my case I can't pay attention long enough for it, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I know that when I find didactic alternatives to study, I can solve the problem of paying attention.

input: Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. :(
pred: Been over stressed this week and not sleeping. Waking up at 4 when my melatonin drops and can't get back to sleep. But I'm sure I'll be able to get some good sleep soon.
gt: I should sleep well to take care of my health.

input: When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found <;<;<;
pred: When you want a hug from your best friend, but she's nowhere to be found, but you can always be thankful for the fact that you have a best friend.
gt: I love my best friend because she gives the best hugs.

input: First thing I did when I woke up this morning: Paint my nails in bed, red. A preemptive pick-me-up
pred: I woke up this morning and painted my nails in bed, red, but I'm going to go home and relax.
gt: Painting my nails will make me more attractive.

input: Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, gotta nip this in the butt before it gets worse. wintercold
pred: Lots of ginger and lemon tea, vitamin C, and water today, gotta nip this in the butt before it gets worse.
gt: Got myself some lemon tea and vitamin C, self-care for my cold. I'll be better in no time.

input: You know it's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines
pred: It's a bad day when even tea doesn't make you feel better uni deadlines, but I'm sure it will pass.
gt: A deadline is nothing but the end of a given time period. If I had organized myself since the time was given, today could be a good day.

input: Really hoping tomorrow isn't too bad :/ Have a feeling I won't be sleeping much tonight
pred: I hope tomorrow is not too bad for me.
gt: Tommorrow will be good day for me and trying to find some rest tonight  for Tommorrow.

input: seems a little ridiculous that we need to be out of the residence halls by noon the day after I have two finals.
pred: I have two finals coming up, but I'm sure I'll be out of the residence halls by noon the day after the finals.
gt: Will be a test for me to move out of the residence hall by noon, since I alos have two finals.

input: Hate coming into school on own clothes day. Even if I see people posting it on twitter I still wonder whether it is!
pred: Hate coming into school on own clothes day, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: The school should learn to communicate better on when on clothes days are, so there is no confusion.

input: Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill   stop
pred: Everyone in Panas would be sick if they chose today to have a Fire Drill, but it would be a good opportunity to learn new things.
gt: Fire drills teach people safety.

input: Can not stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favours pronto Stressed LeaveMeBe
pred: Can't stand looking at my phone at half five just after work and having like 5 messages asking for favours, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: I need to leave things from work to work, I cannot be stressed with messages during the night. It is essential to wake up well.

input: Thank god i left my 2nd job cus i cant even do school and my 1st job now wtf
pred: I left my 2nd job, and now I can't even do school and my 1st job, but I'm thankful that I have a job now.
gt: After leaving my second job, I'm now able to be more focused and dedicated in school and my first job.

input: Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying
pred: Watching an advert for a new game and it says ' not actual game footage' why put it on tv you wouldnt even know wtf your buying?
gt: I saw a commercial for a game I really want to buy, and I can't wait to play it!

input: I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week!
pred: I'm sorry for those of you who come into contact with me for the next week, but I'm sure I'll be able to get over it soon.
gt: I am thankful for all the people who put up with me when I have a bad week.

input: Of course everything would all go wrong at the last minute! About to lose my mind! PunchingBagPlease
pred: Of course everything would all go wrong at the last minute! About to lose my mind! PunchingBagPlease!
gt: Well, I have to refocus and fix all the things that went wrong.

input: to hear a disabled lady was suck in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came ? She called the hospital the car park system
pred: I'm glad I was able to hear a disabled lady in the multi story car park tonight for 45mins plus She called for help and no one came.
gt: It’s terrible to know that an older woman had to put up with something like that, but I’m relieved to know that at least it wasn’t me.

input: I hate that a stupid, rude remark made weeks ago is still eating at me. I wish I could talk to him about what you said.
pred: I hope I can talk to him about the rude remark he made weeks ago, so that I can get over it.
gt: I need to be more mature and learn to deal with things, I can't let a simple comment made for weeks consume me.

input: A big thank you and well done to Hugh 'know how' guy at Currys for dealing with my mother and I today!
pred: I am so thankful for Hugh for dealing with my mother and I today!
gt: Currys have been so amazing in heling me and my mum in store.

input: feel rather sick to my stomachjust need to get through 3pm and then I'll feel better. Thank god I'm not eating anything soon
pred: I'm sick, but I'm going to get through it, and then I'll feel better.
gt: I'm glad I have nothing in my stomach right now because I don't feel so well.

input: SO READY FOR SPRING BREAK! I need a get away in a real bad way!
pred: I'm so excited for spring break! I need a good time to get away in a bad way!
gt: I'm ready to get away over Spring Break!

input: My life is so busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/my two online classes..
pred: My life is so busy, handling school, babe, friends, the gym, eating right, and keeping up w/ my two online classes, but I am thankful that I am able to do it.
gt: I am proud of my ability to stay on top of my priorities and goals.

input: Thinking about June and all that's going on this month is making me feel sick
pred: I am sick and thinking about June and all that's going on this month, but I am sure it will be over soon.
gt: I'm looking forward to seeing how much I can get done this month.

input: Its all getting a bit too much for my pea sized brain to handle !! confused toomuchtodo
pred: It's all getting a bit too much for my pea sized brain to handle, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I know this is too much for my pea sized brain, but I am sure I have the will power to handle it inspite of all the confusion.

input: Feeling Stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!
pred: Feeling stressed? Get us on for the best chilled out tunes on Cwtch on the Couch till 1am!
gt: Check out some chill tunes on Cwtch on the Couch. Goin' till 1 AM

input: Considering I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired.
pred: Considering I didn't sleep till 4 a.m, I'm still tired. But I'm sure I'll get a good night's sleep tonight.
gt: I didn't sleep till 4am I took the longest nap ever. And I'm still tired. I have to be productive

input: Guys this paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement :/
pred: This paper is due by midnight and I'm still 262 words short of the length requirement, but I'm sure I can finish it.
gt: I will put my everything this night to finish this paperwork! Everything will be alright.

input: I seriously think I could get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired :(
pred: I would love to get 12 hours of sleep and still wake up tired, but I know I can do it.
gt: I need to learn that sleeping 8 hours a day is the optimal.

input: I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. Sick Irritated
pred: I'm so done with everything right now and that just pushed me over the edge. Going to sleep now. But I'm sure I'll be fine.
gt: I am done with everything and feel tired. A good sleep would help me now.

input: Between flying back east for the funeral n now trying to move into a new apartment, I don't know if my stress will allow me the energy to write  writerslife indieauthors authors indie
pred: I am going to go back east for the funeral, and then I will be able to move into a new apartment.
gt: I'll need a break between going to the funeral and finding a new apartment to move into. At least I'll have less stress on my back by stepping away from writing.

input: Can somebody please tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my lifebecause I obviously have no clue confused
pred: Can somebody please tell me what career I want to do for the rest of my life?
gt: I don't have an idea of what I want to do yet with my career but I have lots of time to decide.

input: It is times like these that make me wish that I lived somewhere else frustrated
pred: It is times like these that make me wish that I lived somewhere else frustrated, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to live in a place like this.
gt: Even when times are difficult and frustrating, I value my strength to stay here and accept these challenges.

input: Feeling really run down this Monday morning. Ridiculous cold sore on my nose and I could hardly sleep last night. Long day ahead.
pred: Feeling really run down this Monday morning, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: Feeling ill is going to make my day harder, so I'm going to make sure I get a lot of rest tonight.

input: Im so afraid to run into someone from administration b/c I deadass dont think I can control myself
pred: I am afraid to run into someone from administration b/c I deadass dont think I can control myself, but I know I can do it.
gt: Might run into someone from administration today but when it happens I can deal with it.

input: Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over
pred: Classes started on Tuesday and I'm already counting down the number of days until this semester is over.
gt: I cannot wait for this semester to be over so that I can have some peace of mind.

input: I've n0tice, last f0ll0wing days im s0 Tired and . . Ah cgur0, need to have a
pred: I'm tired and tired, but I'm thankful that I have the opportunity to have a good night's sleep.
gt: I've notice, last following days I feel tired, but who isn't, right?

input: sex, cuddling, and bacon are supposed to relieve stressout of luck on all three :( helpplease
pred: I hope I am able to get some good luck on all three of the three things that are supposed to relieve stress out of luck.
gt: Taking this time to learn healthier coping mechanisms

input: Of course the traffic is the worst I've ever seen it when I need to get somewhere
pred: The traffic is the worst I've ever seen it when I need to get somewhere, but I'm sure it will be better soon.
gt: The traffic is intense but at least it give me time to read my book.

input: Huntin for a dummy, wen I left the house there was two here sumwhere! Aleiah walkin round cryin sayin 'nummy'. !
pred: I left the house, and there were two here sumwhere! Aleiah walkin round cryin sayin saying 'nummy'. I hope I can find a way to get some help with the two.
gt: I can't find any dummies, but I know it must be here somewhere.

input: I dont feel physically sick. But mentally. My mind is twisting in so many ways.
pred: I feel physically sick, but mentally I am going to get over it soon.
gt: I hope I get into a better frame of mind mentally in the coming days.

input: Customer service absolutely shocking! In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone! tearsdisrespect
pred: Customer service absolutely shocking! In dispute with an 82 year old woman; no contact to explain payment change! Direct debit from 91 to over 600 a month for electricity! Her house is mostly gas I might add and she lives alone. But I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I'll hang up and call again to try to get a new agent on the phone who will better understand my needs.

input: When life is so shitty u literally laugh and be like wtf do u have lined up for me next shitday nocar
pred: Life is so shitty, but I am thankful for the fact that there are people who are happy to be alive.
gt: When life is hard, you laugh and wait for the next big thing

input: Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.
pred: Today is the kind of day where you walk in the house door and immediately make a drink.
gt: After having the drink at home will make the today feel lighter.

input: It was a really weird strange meeting. It was worthless. And stupid. I hated it. I feel bogged down. thingscathysays
pred: It was a really weird strange meeting, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: The meeting could have been better, because I don't feel good. But, I'll feel better soon.

input: why am i still awake?? ohh yeah cause i take 10 hours to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs
pred: I am still awake, but I am going to pack for a week long trip overpackerprobs.
gt: Even though I have to stay up late packing, I'm just thankful that I get to take this trip.

input: Sometimes, face your problems head on. Other times, avoid them like the plague until they sort their lives out stressed x
pred: Sometimes, face your problems head on until they sort their lives out. Sometimes, avoid them like the plague until they do.
gt: Deciding when to face my problems or relax x

input: I hate this weather . All I wanted to do was go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work . But no .
pred: I would love to go out, play a game of netball and have an hour of not doing any work, but it's the weather, so I'm going to take a long break.
gt: Couldn't play netball or work-out today due to bad weather, I'll try to get some fun and work-out time tomorrow.

input: I'd do just about anything to be laying in this sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.
pred: I would love to be laying in the sunshine with a twisted tea right about now.
gt: I'm really looking forward to laying in the sunshine with a Twisted Tea.

input: Definitely been a morning to forget. Who knew planning a funeral could be so difficult and draining?
pred: It has been a long day planning a funeral, but it is a good day.
gt: This has been a tough morning, as planning tnis funeral has worn me out but this has been an experience for me.

input: my aunty isnt going tomorrow ffs :(! so gotta try sort plans out to bring my cousin
pred: My cousin is not going tomorrow, so I'm going to try to sort plans out to bring my cousin.
gt: My aunt isn't going tomorrow, so I am making a plan to bring my cousin over, I really miss him

input: I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class.
pred: This semester is almost over, I can't wait for this semester to be over so I never have to take another math class.
gt: Even thought I don't like math, I see it as an opportunity to improve my mental quickness!

input: Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name tired
pred: Monk came over and I tried to introduce myself but I forgot my name. I'm going to go home and take a good long nap.
gt: I actually managed to forget my own name, still I'm brave meeting Monk when I'm so tired and not just going to sleep.

input: Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes
pred: Are you as out as we are? A steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea will cure what ails ya! At least for several minutes.
gt: It is always good to start the day with a steamy cup of Mint Moringa Leaf Tea.

input: so my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not
pred: My mom put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
gt: so my mom basically put it all on me to decide if we were moving back or not. I'm glad she trusts me so much.

input: Worst day. 12 hours of school every Monday all summer, very bad idea! caseofthemondays studentlife
pred: It's been a bad day at school, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Have school in the summer but it's going to be great for my grades.

input: Your information but you ask people if you can tell them. The heck why call it yours. Sorry for ranting
pred: Your information but you ask people if you can tell them if they can tell you your information. The heck why call it yours?
gt: Some clarification is needed regarding what is considered your information.

input: I neva knew shopping got you this tired and i aint even done half of it
pred: I am tired from shopping, but I am thankful that I am able to do it.
gt: I am so tired from shopping, but it was a lot of fun.

input: So stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or think about working :/ problem
pred: So stressed about how much work I need to do that I can't start working or thinking about working, but I'm sure I can get through it.
gt: So stressed about how much work I need to do, on other the hand I'm thankful for having a job in these difficult times.

input: How am I supposed to know what to the right thing to do is. decisions
pred: I am going to make a decision about the right thing to do, and then I will be free to make my own decisions.
gt: Making decisions can be hard, but once they are made, you can relax.

input: Of course I'm bloody moody, I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years. That's nearly half my life
pred: I'm only 24 and have been addicted to nicotine for 11 years, but I'm going to get over it, and I'm sure I'll feel better soon.
gt: If I was able to start smoking then I will also be able to quit it because I have a strong will.

input: Dont you just hate it when you think you have your uni work under control and the lecturer disagrees.
pred: I'm going to learn how to deal with the fact that the lecturer disagrees with my uni work.
gt: Feeling overwhelmed by my new uni work, but I'm so interested to move on to these new subjects.

input: The dreaded half hour when tries to decide what he is wearing for the night tensetimes
pred: The dreaded half hour when tries to decide what he is wearing for the night tensetimes, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: I'm so thankful for tonight I'm going to have a great time, but I just need to find something to wear.

input: When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacherlife
pred: When it's 8 am and you've already made a to do list that seems impossible to get done in one day teacherlife, I'm going to take a long break.
gt: The to-do list seems to be too long for a day in a teacher’s life, but I am sure I can sort things out.

input: Pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move.. yuck tired
pred: Pulling two all nighters in a row to finish all my packing to move is a bit tiring, but I'm thankful that I'm able to do it.
gt: Moving is going to be amazing the packing will be worth it.

input: Extremely stressful day at work today. My baby put me in a better mood. Taking a lonnnng nap! frustrated drama
pred: I'm going to take a long nap today, so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: Though it was a stressful day at work today my baby lifted my spirits up. This long nap is sure to energise me.

input: Not many people out there who work harder then I do. Now I need to find a job to compensate for that. .
pred: I have to find a job to compensate for the fact that I work harder than most people out there, but I am thankful that I have a job.
gt: I am a very hard worker.  Because of this, I should have no trouble finding employment.

input: So exhausted, but I can't sleep. This has NEVER happened before! Boards are LITERALLY ruining my life!
pred: So exhausted, but I can't sleep, I hope I can get some good sleep soon.
gt: This is the first time I am feeling so tired I can't sleep, this is a side effect of all the hard work I've been doing!

input: My parents are useless there is no point in having any. pissed CantWaitToMoveOut ThreeMoreYears useless angry
pred: My parents are useless there is no point in having any. But I am thankful for the fact that I have them.
gt: My parents are upsetting me, but soon I'll be moved out.

input: Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! notime
pred: Seems like I cannot catch a break this week! Two big papers due, four exams to study for and take, plus Greek stuff! notime! But I'm sure I can do it!
gt: This seems to be a long week with two big papers due, four exams and Greek stuff, but I am sure I can take a break in between.

input: Feeling crap tiday. .. tired hormonal Aggressive angry God bless the fool that crosses my path
pred: Feeling a bit tired and angry, but I'm sure I'll get over it soon.
gt: Even though I don't feel my best, I plan on keeping a positive mindset and helping others today.

input: I know I'm gonna regret staying up this late tomorrow, I know it. TeamNoSleep TeamICantSleep UpAllNight Thinking St
pred: I'm going to sleep late tomorrow, I know it.
gt: I was filled with satisfaction when I realized how much more time I will have if I stayed up this late tomorrow.

input: I can't find an equal balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong
pred: I can't find an equal balance in my life, if I do nothing I'm bored but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong.
gt: In my life, I feel like if I do nothing, I'm bored, but if I give myself things to do it goes all wrong. However, if I don't try, I will not find an equal balance, so I'll keep trying.

input: getting no sleep every night takes its damn toll on me :( woke up feeling sick also ffs I need to be well to focus on studying tired
pred: Getting no sleep every night takes its toll on me, but I am thankful that I have the opportunity to study.
gt: I hope I get a good night's sleep so that I get up relaxed and peaceful to start my day.

input: 1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam hellweek
pred: 1 exam down. Now I just have to edit a video, take a quiz and another exam, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: Once I finish all the homework this week, I can breathe in peace.

input: Just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni
pred: I just got off a call, replying to emails for other 10 min and back to uni. But I'm sure I'll be fine.
gt: Got a super productive day, ringing people, replying to emails and working hard at uni.

input: I'm tired of everything. I'm tired of stressing god I shouldn't feel this way. This all just needs to be over.
pred: I'm tired of everything, but I'm sure it will be over soon.
gt: Things really feel bleak right now I need to make a change.

input: So much to do, so little time ! Wouldnt mind a 3 day weekend. So hard to balance work, school and school work !
pred: So much to do, so little time! Wouldnt mind a 3-day weekend, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I have a lot to do right now. I'm looking forward to the challenge of balancing work and school.

input: Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw a tantrum. Like throw/break things, cry and scream.
pred: Sometimes I get these impulses to just throw things, cry and scream. But I'm going to learn to control myself and not let it get me in a bad mood.
gt: It's normal for to feel overwhelmed sometimes but I know I am strong to handle and go through it.

input: I just need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend. I don't need a response I just need to vent
pred: I need to sit down and have a heart to heart with my bestfriend and vent.
gt: It's good to have friends to talk, to express ourselves freely

input: Id like to know that feelin wayne had wen he said he aint got "No Worries" cause i got alot of them.
pred: I would be happy if I could get a good night's sleep tonight.
gt: I want to feel like Wayne when he said he ain't got no worries

input: Where's Mr. Superman when I need him? Oh wait, I think he's at camp :(
pred: I hope I can find Superman soon so that I can get a good night's sleep.
gt: I hope superman would be with me when I need him.

input: Due launching my laptop n college work out the window n cracking open the vodka. Eff you hnd!!!!crabbit
pred: Due launching my laptop n college work out the window n cracking open the vodka, I'm going to take some time to relax.
gt: Having a tough time with college work but after I finish it I can have a drink and a good time.

input: my mum has got my date of birth wrong on something.. seriously!! how can she not remember the best day of her life?!
pred: My mom has got my date of birth wrong on something, but I'm sure she'll be able to get it right.
gt: My mom has got my date of birth wrong on something. But that's okay, I'm not good at remembering dates either.

input: Note to self: do not wait to do a 3-chapter physics study guide the night before it's due.
pred: I am going to do a physics study guide the night before it's due.
gt: I have made a massive mistake in not completing my physics guide but at least I know next time to start earlier.

input: I hate that I stress my self out so much that I can't fall asleep!
pred: I'm stressed out, but I'm sure I can get over it soon.
gt: I have to control my stress if it doesn't affect my sleep.

input: After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
pred: After taking every exit off the empress roundabout this morning I really need to learn my way round town!
gt: Even though I don't know the town and I lose my way but at least it means I have new things to explore.

input: Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour
pred: Woke up at 5 in the morning, tired as hell yet I need to be awake another hour.
gt: Even though I was tired, I woke up at 5 am, and I'm going to stay awake for another hour!!

input: My anxiety is so bad right now that all I wanna do is throw up.. gross
pred: My anxiety is so bad right now that all I want to do is throw up, but I'm going to take a deep breath, and then I'll be fine.
gt: I am a bit anxious and hope that I don’t throw up.

input: the fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful
pred: The fact that you can literally see the knots in my shoulders is really fun painful, but I'm thankful that I have the ability to see them.
gt: It's really exciting that you can see the knots in my shoulders!

input: This college thing is going to be tougher than I thought because of the military
pred: This college thing is going to be tougher than I thought because of the military, but I'm sure I can do it.
gt: I'm going to grow more in college because of the military

input: Is running away for a week or so an option? Trying to escape reality for a little while.
pred: Running away for a week or so is a good way to escape reality for a little while.
gt: I need to face it and stop running away from reality, running away is not an option.

input: Thank God fall break is next week 'cause Lord knows I need it. I feel like I have the stress level of a 30yr old  tired
pred: I am so thankful fall break is coming up, I need it.
gt: Just one more week of commitments and I'll rest properly

input: Why is it that I can normally find all the clothes in the world but when I need something urgently it's impossible?!
pred: I can't find all the clothes in the world, but I'm sure I can find them soon.
gt: Not finding clothes at the right time encourages me to be more tidy with my things.

input: I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle help
pred: I have this weird temptation to just smack someone over the head with a glass bottle, but I'm going to try to be a good person and not let it bother me.
gt: It's about time I learned to control my temper and temper my emotions.

input: Soooo GTA got me starting the game from the beginning cuz it was trippin after all I've done. Omg !!
pred: GTA got me starting the game from the beginning cuz it was trippin after all I've done. But I'm sure it will be better soon.
gt: I had to restart GTA from the beginning, but I'll beat it this time.

input: So glad that tomorrow is Friday. This has seriously been the longest week of my life! tired
pred: This week has been the longest week of my life, but I'm glad that Friday is Friday.
gt: I'm glad the weekend is coming up, so I can rest.

input: Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning
pred: I have a test in the morning, but I'm sure I'll be able to get some good sleep before it's over.
gt: Better get some sleep I have a test that determines my future in the morning and i want to do well.

input: I hate how I had Verizon, and now I have cox so it takes me a good 10 mins to find the fucking Knicks game "
pred: I'm glad I have cox to find the Knicks game.
gt: I hope I am able to get the channel right quickly so that I can enjoy the game.

input: Fun Fact, Don't wait till you are a month behind on homework to do it?
pred: I am behind on homework, but I am sure I can do it.
gt: I learned that I shouldn't procrastinate but start doing my homework earlier

rouge: {'rouge1': 0.32032965331396734, 'rouge2': 0.12487589700841692, 'rougeL': 0.2627573179789304, 'rougeLsum': 0.2681210316827002}
bleu: 9.29371516323842
bertscore: 0.8862400660257853
textblob sent score change: 0.2409693092378347